China's ZTE has teamed up with an unnamed European carrier to build a smartphone based on Firefox OS, Bloomberg reports. The companies plan to launch the device in Europe this year.  According to CEO of ZTE’s U.S. unit Cheng Lixin, the company might also launch a Firefox OS-based device in the U.S. in 2013.  “We closely monitor the ecosystem and how it evolves. If that is ready and if consumer studies support that data, then we may launch one in U.S. also this year,” Cheng said.  He did not disclose any additional details about the device's specifications or pricing.  Vice president of products at Mozilla Jay Sullivan confirmed the company is working with ZTE, as well as Qualcomm and TCL on Firefox OS-based devices.  Mozilla had announced Firefox OS in July 2012 as a fully open alternative to Android, promising first devices would arrive in 2013. It seems they'll be on schedule, though the road ahead is long and hard, especially since Android and iOS are quickly overtaking market share from smaller competitors.  Image credit: MozillaChina's ZTE has teamed up with an unnamed European carrier to build a smartphone based on Firefox OS, Bloomberg reports. The companies plan to launch the device in Europe this year.  According to CEO of ZTE’s U.S. unit Cheng Lixin, the company might also launch a Firefox OS-based device in the U.S. in 2013.  “We closely monitor the ecosystem and how it evolves. If that is ready and if consumer studies support that data, then we may launch one in U.S. also this year,” Cheng said.  He did not disclose any additional details about the device's specifications or pricing.  Vice president of products at Mozilla Jay Sullivan confirmed the company is working with ZTE, as well as Qualcomm and TCL on Firefox OS-based devices.  Mozilla had announced Firefox OS in July 2012 as a fully open alternative to Android, promising first devices would arrive in 2013. It seems they'll be on schedule, though the road ahead is long and hard, especially since Android and iOS are quickly overtaking market share from smaller competitors.  Image credit: Mozilla