Joe Carberry is a partner at Brunswick Group LLC, advising on corporate reputation and issues management. He holds a CIPP/US certification from the International Association of Privacy Professionals. In this era of clouds and big data, information has become a valuable commodity. Even organizations that are not traditionally in the technology space now deal with massive amounts of consumer data — from airlines to clothing retailers, universities to non-profits.  But if that data includes individuals’ personal information, such as images, credit card numbers or shopping habits, alarm bells should be going off for business leaders. Issues around privacy and data security are increasing and can have a huge, public impact on business operations.  But they also can do significant damage to another valuable business commodity: customer trust.  So, for many businesses, the approach to safeguarding data is quickly becoming a top priority. And if it hasn’t yet, it soon will be. According to IBM, more than 2.5 quintillion new bytes of information are created each day. In this environment, it has become commonplace — some say essential — for organizations to use personal information to make better products, track performance or deliver the right content. Great things are possible with access to data. But as the use of data grows, so will the use of personal information associated with new devices and services. The flood of mobile technologies will only accelerate this trend. Mobile data traffic last year was eight times greater than all Internet traffic in 2000, according to Cisco’s Virtual Networking Index. Mobile-connected devices will exceed the global population by the end of 2012, according to the study. Even if it is increasingly common, use of sensitive information creates the potential for enormous risk.  Years ago, managing that risk was a compliance issue, often handled solely by engineers and attorneys.  No longer. Today, privacy concerns and missteps are frequently front-page news. Even the most responsible companies can make mistakes, and even the safest can fall victim to attack. If something goes wrong, it can spread in minutes on Twitter, Facebook and blogs, which reach all of a company’s critical audiences. This increased awareness drives expectations higher. People tend to believe that data about them is theirs and tend to react strongly when companies fail to meet their expectations around privacy and security. This includes policymakers who oversee industries; investors who do not want to see issues become a drag on performance; and, of course, consumers who use a company’s products and services.   According to a recent TRUSTe survey, 91% of consumers worry about online privacy. Eighty-eight percent of them say they would avoid doing business with companies that don't protect their privacy. So, what can company leadership do? It can ensure brands are prepared to deal with the main types of risk related to data. This includes risk and operational issues, legal and regulatory issues and risks to reputation. Most companies work hard to ensure they have risk management and operational controls in place to protect the information in their care. Likewise, most companies have attorneys in place who apply sound policies and legal protections that guide appropriate behavior. However, many companies simply overlook the need to make a forward-looking investment in protecting their reputation in the event of a problem with private data. More and more companies are now adopting what is called “Privacy by Design,” a strategic approach that weaves responsible privacy practices into the entire life cycle of product design and development.  It helps make privacy part of an organization’s DNA. Similarly, many smart companies are starting to think about customer trust related to big data, and are building reputation into their technology innovation and product development cycles. Call it “Reputation by Design.” Companies following this approach present customers with a clear and compelling reason for their collection or use of personal data. They offer context around those decisions.  And they have taken steps to prepare for a day when they may have to address problems in a transparent manner.   To build trust in the realm of big data, it is critical to start before something goes wrong. In this regard, management should be thinking about three things: Know what’s happening. Understand what information is gathered, why and how it is used. Companies also should understand what steps are being taken to protect that information. And they should know how their practices compare to industry norms as well as what people expect. Be willing to share. Everyone benefits from more information; no one benefits from surprises. Think about how to be as clear and open as possible about data practices with all audiences. Nearly every company will have to address big data issues at some point. Establishing a positive, transparent track record now can help address issues that may arise down the road. Get ready to respond. All companies should be well prepared to handle their worst-case scenario. No one should start planning for a major problem after it happens. A small investment now can make a huge difference later. In the end, every business is dependent on the trust of its customers for success. Those customers increasingly see real value in companies that can demonstrate care in the handling of their information.  To maintain trust, organizations need to take visible steps to meet — or exceed — customer expectations around privacy and security.  People believe that safeguarding their personal information is the right thing to do. That alone makes it the smart thing for a business to do. Image courtesy of Flickr, Eduardo Loureiro.Joe Carberry is a partner at Brunswick Group LLC, advising on corporate reputation and issues management. He holds a CIPP/US certification from the International Association of Privacy Professionals. In this era of clouds and big data, information has become a valuable commodity. Even organizations that are not traditionally in the technology space now deal with massive amounts of consumer data — from airlines to clothing retailers, universities to non-profits.  But if that data includes individuals’ personal information, such as images, credit card numbers or shopping habits, alarm bells should be going off for business leaders. Issues around privacy and data security are increasing and can have a huge, public impact on business operations.  But they also can do significant damage to another valuable business commodity: customer trust.  So, for many businesses, the approach to safeguarding data is quickly becoming a top priority. And if it hasn’t yet, it soon will be. According to IBM, more than 2.5 quintillion new bytes of information are created each day. In this environment, it has become commonplace — some say essential — for organizations to use personal information to make better products, track performance or deliver the right content. Great things are possible with access to data. But as the use of data grows, so will the use of personal information associated with new devices and services. The flood of mobile technologies will only accelerate this trend. Mobile data traffic last year was eight times greater than all Internet traffic in 2000, according to Cisco’s Virtual Networking Index. Mobile-connected devices will exceed the global population by the end of 2012, according to the study. Even if it is increasingly common, use of sensitive information creates the potential for enormous risk.  Years ago, managing that risk was a compliance issue, often handled solely by engineers and attorneys.  No longer. Today, privacy concerns and missteps are frequently front-page news. Even the most responsible companies can make mistakes, and even the safest can fall victim to attack. If something goes wrong, it can spread in minutes on Twitter, Facebook and blogs, which reach all of a company’s critical audiences. This increased awareness drives expectations higher. People tend to believe that data about them is theirs and tend to react strongly when companies fail to meet their expectations around privacy and security. This includes policymakers who oversee industries; investors who do not want to see issues become a drag on performance; and, of course, consumers who use a company’s products and services.   According to a recent TRUSTe survey, 91% of consumers worry about online privacy. Eighty-eight percent of them say they would avoid doing business with companies that don't protect their privacy. So, what can company leadership do? It can ensure brands are prepared to deal with the main types of risk related to data. This includes risk and operational issues, legal and regulatory issues and risks to reputation. Most companies work hard to ensure they have risk management and operational controls in place to protect the information in their care. Likewise, most companies have attorneys in place who apply sound policies and legal protections that guide appropriate behavior. However, many companies simply overlook the need to make a forward-looking investment in protecting their reputation in the event of a problem with private data. More and more companies are now adopting what is called “Privacy by Design,” a strategic approach that weaves responsible privacy practices into the entire life cycle of product design and development.  It helps make privacy part of an organization’s DNA. Similarly, many smart companies are starting to think about customer trust related to big data, and are building reputation into their technology innovation and product development cycles. Call it “Reputation by Design.” Companies following this approach present customers with a clear and compelling reason for their collection or use of personal data. They offer context around those decisions.  And they have taken steps to prepare for a day when they may have to address problems in a transparent manner.   To build trust in the realm of big data, it is critical to start before something goes wrong. In this regard, management should be thinking about three things: Know what’s happening. Understand what information is gathered, why and how it is used. Companies also should understand what steps are being taken to protect that information. And they should know how their practices compare to industry norms as well as what people expect. Be willing to share. Everyone benefits from more information; no one benefits from surprises. Think about how to be as clear and open as possible about data practices with all audiences. Nearly every company will have to address big data issues at some point. Establishing a positive, transparent track record now can help address issues that may arise down the road. Get ready to respond. All companies should be well prepared to handle their worst-case scenario. No one should start planning for a major problem after it happens. A small investment now can make a huge difference later. In the end, every business is dependent on the trust of its customers for success. Those customers increasingly see real value in companies that can demonstrate care in the handling of their information.  To maintain trust, organizations need to take visible steps to meet — or exceed — customer expectations around privacy and security.  People believe that safeguarding their personal information is the right thing to do. That alone makes it the smart thing for a business to do. Image courtesy of Flickr, Eduardo Loureiro.