After five days of hitting the ground running, the Mashable team at CES 2013 can finally rest. The Las Vegas convention is over, and the Mashable staff in attendance have collectively covered hundreds of miles. We tracked their progress using Nike+ FuelBands and can now deliver the final results:   Our champion was videographer Evan Engel, whose lead from day one was never overtaken by the rest of the team. Heavy video equipment in hand, he racked up over 27 miles in five days, further than the standard marathon distance of 26.2 miles. Second-place finisher Samantha Murphy also traveled further than a marathon, completing 26.7 miles. But it was photo editor Nina Frazier who put in the most hours, leaving the rest of the team in the dust with more than 74 hours total activity—even more impressive considering she was carrying about 65 pounds of gear with her. Evan and Mashable Editor-in-Chief Lance Ulanoff, who finished fifth overall, caught up with illusionist David Blaine on the last day of CES:   It was a pleasure meeting you today, @davidblaine. Don't forget to drop into MashableHQ the next time you're in town. twitter.com/LanceUlanoff/s… — Lance Ulanoff (@LanceUlanoff) January 11, 2013 On day five, reporter Emily Price stopped by Canon to see their new cameras and checked out some Samsung UHD TVs with Lifestyle editor Andrea Smith, who finished third in the overall competition. Andrea hit a personal best on day five, reaching a total of 6.5 miles total. Towards the end of day five, Emily was disturbed by the tableau of "booth babes" in one product's display. Her outraged reaction on Twitter received over 700 retweets.  Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives#2013CES twitter.com/Emily/status/2… — Emily Price (@Emily) January 10, 2013 Samantha and Nina spent their last day with Tim Tebow and his new line of headphones. One of the models is called the "Jet," which happens to be almost identical to the name of the football team for which Tebow plays.  However, the player claims the name could also apply to people traveling cross-country.  Finally, tech editor Pete Pachal spent some time in front of the camera himself on day five, appearing on Fox News Live to talk about his experience at CES.  Doing @foxnewslive in a few with @mikeprospero and @shama in a few. #CES #2013CES twitter.com/petepachal/sta… — Pete Pachal (@petepachal) January 10, 2013 Samantha completed the most miles in a single day, covering 8 miles on day four. The longest active day overall was Nina's 16 hours and 20 minutes on day three.  Are you surprised by the final results? What was your favorite moment at CES? Let us know in the comments!  CES Challenge Day 1 Results | CES Challenge Day 2 Results | CES Challenge Day 3 Results | CES Challenge Day 4 Results Illustration by Bob Al-Greene and Nora Grenfell Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.After five days of hitting the ground running, the Mashable team at CES 2013 can finally rest. The Las Vegas convention is over, and the Mashable staff in attendance have collectively covered hundreds of miles. We tracked their progress using Nike+ FuelBands and can now deliver the final results:   Our champion was videographer Evan Engel, whose lead from day one was never overtaken by the rest of the team. Heavy video equipment in hand, he racked up over 27 miles in five days, further than the standard marathon distance of 26.2 miles. Second-place finisher Samantha Murphy also traveled further than a marathon, completing 26.7 miles. But it was photo editor Nina Frazier who put in the most hours, leaving the rest of the team in the dust with more than 74 hours total activity—even more impressive considering she was carrying about 65 pounds of gear with her. Evan and Mashable Editor-in-Chief Lance Ulanoff, who finished fifth overall, caught up with illusionist David Blaine on the last day of CES:   It was a pleasure meeting you today, @davidblaine. Don't forget to drop into MashableHQ the next time you're in town. twitter.com/LanceUlanoff/s… — Lance Ulanoff (@LanceUlanoff) January 11, 2013 On day five, reporter Emily Price stopped by Canon to see their new cameras and checked out some Samsung UHD TVs with Lifestyle editor Andrea Smith, who finished third in the overall competition. Andrea hit a personal best on day five, reaching a total of 6.5 miles total. Towards the end of day five, Emily was disturbed by the tableau of "booth babes" in one product's display. Her outraged reaction on Twitter received over 700 retweets.  Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives#2013CES twitter.com/Emily/status/2… — Emily Price (@Emily) January 10, 2013 Samantha and Nina spent their last day with Tim Tebow and his new line of headphones. One of the models is called the "Jet," which happens to be almost identical to the name of the football team for which Tebow plays.  However, the player claims the name could also apply to people traveling cross-country.  Finally, tech editor Pete Pachal spent some time in front of the camera himself on day five, appearing on Fox News Live to talk about his experience at CES.  Doing @foxnewslive in a few with @mikeprospero and @shama in a few. #CES #2013CES twitter.com/petepachal/sta… — Pete Pachal (@petepachal) January 10, 2013 Samantha completed the most miles in a single day, covering 8 miles on day four. The longest active day overall was Nina's 16 hours and 20 minutes on day three.  Are you surprised by the final results? What was your favorite moment at CES? Let us know in the comments!  CES Challenge Day 1 Results | CES Challenge Day 2 Results | CES Challenge Day 3 Results | CES Challenge Day 4 Results Illustration by Bob Al-Greene and Nora Grenfell Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.