Sony Music has exclusively given Mashable the audio for "Nuclear," the first song from Destiny's Child since 2005. Here is the world premiere of it:   UPDATE on Jan. 23: Sony Music has taken down its initial Soundcloud embed after uploading the song on YouTube. The track will be featured on Destiny's Child's recently — and unexpectedly — announced album. Titled Love Songs, the 14-track album is a compilation of the trio's romantic music from 1997 to 2004 plus "Nuclear." It is available for pre-order and comes out Jan. 29. The release of "Nuclear" marks the first time in eight years that Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams have joined forces to unleash a recording together.  SEE ALSO: Beyonce Announces Destiny's Child Comeback With Online Posts
 Pharrell Williams produced "Nuclear" and co-wrote it with Michelle Williams, James Fauntleroy and Lonny Bereal. Knowles and Bereal took the reigns on vocal production. In conjunction with the song premiere, Sony Music created DestinysChild.Tumblr.com.   Fans are encouraged to submit their favorite memories of Destiny's Child on the blog.  Love Songs infuses recordings from six albums — four of Destiny's Child's studio albums, one of Rowland's albums and one from the group's remix album:  "Cater 2 U" from 2004's Destiny Fulfilled "Killing Time" from 1998's Destiny's Child "Second Nature" from Destiny's Child "Heaven" from 2002' Simply Deep "Now That She’s Gone" from 1999's The Writing's On The Wall "Brown Eyes" from 2001's Survivor "If" from Destiny Fulfilled "Emotion" from Survivor "If You Leave" (featuring Next) from The Writing's On The Wall "T­Shirt" from Destiny Fulfilled "Temptation" from The Writing's On The Wall "Say My Name" (Timbaland remix) from 2002's This Is The Remix "Love" from Destiny Fulfilled "Nuclear" from 2013's Love Songs Sony Music offshoots — Music World Entertainment, Columbia Records and Legacy Recordings — are in charge of unleashing Love Songs at the end of month. Photo and thumbnail via Beyonce.com.Sony Music has exclusively given Mashable the audio for "Nuclear," the first song from Destiny's Child since 2005. Here is the world premiere of it:   UPDATE on Jan. 23: Sony Music has taken down its initial Soundcloud embed after uploading the song on YouTube. The track will be featured on Destiny's Child's recently — and unexpectedly — announced album. Titled Love Songs, the 14-track album is a compilation of the trio's romantic music from 1997 to 2004 plus "Nuclear." It is available for pre-order and comes out Jan. 29. The release of "Nuclear" marks the first time in eight years that Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams have joined forces to unleash a recording together.  SEE ALSO: Beyonce Announces Destiny's Child Comeback With Online Posts
 Pharrell Williams produced "Nuclear" and co-wrote it with Michelle Williams, James Fauntleroy and Lonny Bereal. Knowles and Bereal took the reigns on vocal production. In conjunction with the song premiere, Sony Music created DestinysChild.Tumblr.com.   Fans are encouraged to submit their favorite memories of Destiny's Child on the blog.  Love Songs infuses recordings from six albums — four of Destiny's Child's studio albums, one of Rowland's albums and one from the group's remix album:  "Cater 2 U" from 2004's Destiny Fulfilled "Killing Time" from 1998's Destiny's Child "Second Nature" from Destiny's Child "Heaven" from 2002' Simply Deep "Now That She’s Gone" from 1999's The Writing's On The Wall "Brown Eyes" from 2001's Survivor "If" from Destiny Fulfilled "Emotion" from Survivor "If You Leave" (featuring Next) from The Writing's On The Wall "T­Shirt" from Destiny Fulfilled "Temptation" from The Writing's On The Wall "Say My Name" (Timbaland remix) from 2002's This Is The Remix "Love" from Destiny Fulfilled "Nuclear" from 2013's Love Songs Sony Music offshoots — Music World Entertainment, Columbia Records and Legacy Recordings — are in charge of unleashing Love Songs at the end of month. Photo and thumbnail via Beyonce.com.