Photos from Flickr are now showing up in Yahoo Image searches, the company announced on Thursday. Yahoo is making "tens of millions" of Flickr photos available, which are available for reuse and reposting. The photos are available under Flickr's Creative Commons licensing agreement. Photos not covered under Creative Commons won't be affected. Offering such images can give Yahoo a real advantage over Google and Bing, which do not offer the photos in their image searches. To use the feature, employ the left rail on the Yahoo Image Search page and click the "Labeled for Reuse" option.  The move comes after Yahoo upgraded the Flickr mobile app last month with Twitter integration. The app was released almost at the same exact time that Instagram — now a unit of Facebook — began disabling support for Twitter Cards.  Flickr, which was bought by Yahoo in 2005, has been a prime area of focus for Marissa Mayer, who became Yahoo's CEO in June. Shortly after Mayer began, the Internet petitioned her to "Make Flickr awesome again." Yahoo responded by thanking the Internet and soliciting suggestions for making the photo-sharing site "awesomer."  Image courtesy of Flickr, PooliePhotos from Flickr are now showing up in Yahoo Image searches, the company announced on Thursday. Yahoo is making "tens of millions" of Flickr photos available, which are available for reuse and reposting. The photos are available under Flickr's Creative Commons licensing agreement. Photos not covered under Creative Commons won't be affected. Offering such images can give Yahoo a real advantage over Google and Bing, which do not offer the photos in their image searches. To use the feature, employ the left rail on the Yahoo Image Search page and click the "Labeled for Reuse" option.  The move comes after Yahoo upgraded the Flickr mobile app last month with Twitter integration. The app was released almost at the same exact time that Instagram — now a unit of Facebook — began disabling support for Twitter Cards.  Flickr, which was bought by Yahoo in 2005, has been a prime area of focus for Marissa Mayer, who became Yahoo's CEO in June. Shortly after Mayer began, the Internet petitioned her to "Make Flickr awesome again." Yahoo responded by thanking the Internet and soliciting suggestions for making the photo-sharing site "awesomer."  Image courtesy of Flickr, Poolie