Imagine if you could get the same experience of a cocktail party — and all the potential date option, but online.  That's the idea behind a new crop of dating websites that aim to recreate the experience of cocktail parties or a get together at a friend's apartment where you just might meet someone new. Parties are always great places to meet people, but since most people don't have the opportunity or time to attend one every day, websites like Friendlylook, TheDatable and Circl.es let you browse your friends' friends.  The newest site Friendlylook says it engineers serendipity. The idea behind the site is that you join, mingle with new people, make friends and meet their connections. You can also have a bunch of friends join to meet new people and scour others' connections to find a potential love match for you or themselves. With Friendlylook, users have the ability to create private social events to meet people in real life. And the site is free for members.  Members can set a search parameter of two-four degrees away from them to meet strangers. But even among friends of friends, users cannot see who or specifically how they connect to any of their friends. And just like a real-life cocktail party, if you find a potential match you can ask your friends' opinions of the prospect.  SEE ALSO: Dating Website 'High Season' Means More Fish in the Sea Members also have a "singles stream," that is kind of like a Facebook News Feed. The only people who show-up in the stream are ones who match a user's search criteria (age range, distance, education, etc.). The stream is very basic at the moment, but the idea has potential.  If you want to reach out to someone on the site, all communication is free. If you're the bold type, you can broadcast updates that go to everyone who meets your criteria on the site.  Currently, the team behind Friendlylook is seeking funds on Indiegogo, the crowd-funding platform, in order to build more features.  Trevor Chidester, founder of Friendlylook, says the difference between his site and traditional dating websites is that rather than go through as many dates as possible, on Friendylook people are able to identify potential matches who are more suitable for them. The ol' quality over quantity reasoning.  Circl.es and TheDatable have similar ideas — except with these sites you actually connect with Facebook to see friends of your friends.  TheDatable is kind of like a social experiment. You create a private account on TheDatable and then sign into Facebook through the site. Tag your single friends who you consider "datable" — as a sign of approval for other people to date, and then they tag their "datable" friends. The free service aims to create a network of singles.  With Circl.es, singles sign-in using their Facebook accounts and browse through all of your friends' friends. Since your profile information is already there, it doesn't take long to get started. Potential dates don't see your entire profile, just some select information from which they can select "yes," "no," or "skip." If you click "yes" the potential match is notified and then you can see each other's profiles. To avoid endless online flirting with no action, once you've both said "yes" to chatting with each other on Circl.es, you have two weeks to communicate.  Have you ever used a dating site in which you find connections through friends? What was your experience? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, mayakova Imagine if you could get the same experience of a cocktail party — and all the potential date option, but online.  That's the idea behind a new crop of dating websites that aim to recreate the experience of cocktail parties or a get together at a friend's apartment where you just might meet someone new. Parties are always great places to meet people, but since most people don't have the opportunity or time to attend one every day, websites like Friendlylook, TheDatable and Circl.es let you browse your friends' friends.  The newest site Friendlylook says it engineers serendipity. The idea behind the site is that you join, mingle with new people, make friends and meet their connections. You can also have a bunch of friends join to meet new people and scour others' connections to find a potential love match for you or themselves. With Friendlylook, users have the ability to create private social events to meet people in real life. And the site is free for members.  Members can set a search parameter of two-four degrees away from them to meet strangers. But even among friends of friends, users cannot see who or specifically how they connect to any of their friends. And just like a real-life cocktail party, if you find a potential match you can ask your friends' opinions of the prospect.  SEE ALSO: Dating Website 'High Season' Means More Fish in the Sea Members also have a "singles stream," that is kind of like a Facebook News Feed. The only people who show-up in the stream are ones who match a user's search criteria (age range, distance, education, etc.). The stream is very basic at the moment, but the idea has potential.  If you want to reach out to someone on the site, all communication is free. If you're the bold type, you can broadcast updates that go to everyone who meets your criteria on the site.  Currently, the team behind Friendlylook is seeking funds on Indiegogo, the crowd-funding platform, in order to build more features.  Trevor Chidester, founder of Friendlylook, says the difference between his site and traditional dating websites is that rather than go through as many dates as possible, on Friendylook people are able to identify potential matches who are more suitable for them. The ol' quality over quantity reasoning.  Circl.es and TheDatable have similar ideas — except with these sites you actually connect with Facebook to see friends of your friends.  TheDatable is kind of like a social experiment. You create a private account on TheDatable and then sign into Facebook through the site. Tag your single friends who you consider "datable" — as a sign of approval for other people to date, and then they tag their "datable" friends. The free service aims to create a network of singles.  With Circl.es, singles sign-in using their Facebook accounts and browse through all of your friends' friends. Since your profile information is already there, it doesn't take long to get started. Potential dates don't see your entire profile, just some select information from which they can select "yes," "no," or "skip." If you click "yes" the potential match is notified and then you can see each other's profiles. To avoid endless online flirting with no action, once you've both said "yes" to chatting with each other on Circl.es, you have two weeks to communicate.  Have you ever used a dating site in which you find connections through friends? What was your experience? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, mayakova 