Lovely colors in these mono speakers, $59.99 If you have a speaker with a line-in jack (3.5mm), the iBT52 can give it wireless capability. The clip-on unit goes with you, and communicates with the docking station, which is plugged into your speaker system. The iBT88 lets you stream music from any Bluetooth device, and has a wired input for other audio gear. Check out that neon! The iHM60 lets you plug in any auido player with a 3.5mm jack (almost all of them use that).  It collapses to fit in the palm of your hand. Available in serious-looking black, too. Batman would love this. The iB75 -- stylish wireless earphones with a flat tangle-free cable. iB10: the cord-cruncher cable is a great idea, keeping the cable from tangling.  The iDL100 lets you charge two Lightning devices at the same time. It lets you wake to iPad/iPhone/iPod, playlists, FM radio or a buzzer. The 3-foot-tall iP76 lets you mount your iPhone or iPod Touch atop its colorful pedestal. The iP18 puts on quite a light show -- the white part in the pic above goes all disco on you. Looks like a boombox, works with Bluetooth.  The iBT44 rocks two 4" woofers and two 1" tweeters. iDL48 handles anything with a Lightning connector. The iB45's are $39.99. LAS VEGAS — iHome's latest collection of Bluetooth speakers, Lightning docks and accessories are a vibrant treat for the eyes as much as the ears. iHome — which claims to sell one in every four digital speakers in the U.S. Although it announced some of its new products in the days leading up to the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas, Mashable got an up-close look at the new products this week at the show. SEE ALSO: Training for a 10K? Try CES 2013
 From a cord-cruncher cable that keeps the cable from tangling to a bright-colored, retro-designed Bluetooth boom box with USB charging, the assortment was one of the best we've seen in the past few days. Check them out in the gallery above. What are some of the best tech accessories you've seen come out of CES? Let us know in the comments.Lovely colors in these mono speakers, $59.99 If you have a speaker with a line-in jack (3.5mm), the iBT52 can give it wireless capability. The clip-on unit goes with you, and communicates with the docking station, which is plugged into your speaker system. The iBT88 lets you stream music from any Bluetooth device, and has a wired input for other audio gear. Check out that neon! The iHM60 lets you plug in any auido player with a 3.5mm jack (almost all of them use that).  It collapses to fit in the palm of your hand. Available in serious-looking black, too. Batman would love this. The iB75 -- stylish wireless earphones with a flat tangle-free cable. iB10: the cord-cruncher cable is a great idea, keeping the cable from tangling.  The iDL100 lets you charge two Lightning devices at the same time. It lets you wake to iPad/iPhone/iPod, playlists, FM radio or a buzzer. The 3-foot-tall iP76 lets you mount your iPhone or iPod Touch atop its colorful pedestal. The iP18 puts on quite a light show -- the white part in the pic above goes all disco on you. Looks like a boombox, works with Bluetooth.  The iBT44 rocks two 4" woofers and two 1" tweeters. iDL48 handles anything with a Lightning connector. The iB45's are $39.99. LAS VEGAS — iHome's latest collection of Bluetooth speakers, Lightning docks and accessories are a vibrant treat for the eyes as much as the ears. iHome — which claims to sell one in every four digital speakers in the U.S. Although it announced some of its new products in the days leading up to the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas, Mashable got an up-close look at the new products this week at the show. SEE ALSO: Training for a 10K? Try CES 2013
 From a cord-cruncher cable that keeps the cable from tangling to a bright-colored, retro-designed Bluetooth boom box with USB charging, the assortment was one of the best we've seen in the past few days. Check them out in the gallery above. What are some of the best tech accessories you've seen come out of CES? Let us know in the comments.