Quvenzhané Wallis, the 9-year-old actress who recently earned an Oscars nomination, just won a prize at another awards show and read her acceptance speech on a smartphone.  At the Critics' Choice Awards, she won Best Young Actor/Actress for her Beasts of the Southern Wild role, a fantasy drama she acted in when she was six.  Winners at awards shows typically speak off the cuff, memorize their speech or read from a piece of paper when accepting their honors. Wallis's speech stands in stark contrast. Wallis carried her phone, wrapped in a bright pink case, with her on stage to help her:  The Critics' Choice Awards will provide Mashable with footage of the speech shortly, but for now, here is the text of what she said, courtesy of The Daily Mail.  First I would like to thank God for all my blessings. I would also like to thank the film critics for this award. Thanks to Mr. Benh Zeitlin and the Court 13 family for thinking I could make a good Hushpuppy. Lastly, to my family, friends and fans — good night!' For the Academy Awards, Wallis is vying for Best Actress against Jessica Chastain (Zero Dark Thirty), Jennifer Lawrence (Silver Linings Playbook), Naomi Watts (The Impossible) and Emmanuelle Riva (Amour). She is the youngest nominee ever in the category. Beasts of the Southern Wild is also nominated for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay. Winners will be announced Feb. 24 at Hollywood's Dolby Theatre. Photos via Kevin Winter/Getty Images EntertainmentQuvenzhané Wallis, the 9-year-old actress who recently earned an Oscars nomination, just won a prize at another awards show and read her acceptance speech on a smartphone.  At the Critics' Choice Awards, she won Best Young Actor/Actress for her Beasts of the Southern Wild role, a fantasy drama she acted in when she was six.  Winners at awards shows typically speak off the cuff, memorize their speech or read from a piece of paper when accepting their honors. Wallis's speech stands in stark contrast. Wallis carried her phone, wrapped in a bright pink case, with her on stage to help her:  The Critics' Choice Awards will provide Mashable with footage of the speech shortly, but for now, here is the text of what she said, courtesy of The Daily Mail.  First I would like to thank God for all my blessings. I would also like to thank the film critics for this award. Thanks to Mr. Benh Zeitlin and the Court 13 family for thinking I could make a good Hushpuppy. Lastly, to my family, friends and fans — good night!' For the Academy Awards, Wallis is vying for Best Actress against Jessica Chastain (Zero Dark Thirty), Jennifer Lawrence (Silver Linings Playbook), Naomi Watts (The Impossible) and Emmanuelle Riva (Amour). She is the youngest nominee ever in the category. Beasts of the Southern Wild is also nominated for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay. Winners will be announced Feb. 24 at Hollywood's Dolby Theatre. Photos via Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment