LAS VEGAS — If there was a trend at CES 2013, it was 4K. Every major TV manufacturer announced at least one TV with 4K resolution, and some unveiled several. Not many addressed the main issue with the new "Ultra HD" format, however: the lack of content. Sony was one of the few who did, and the company's chief operating officer, Phil Molyneux, told Mashable in an interview how customers of its 4K TVs will be able to get content in native 4K. "We wanted to deliver a native 4K experience," Molyneux says, "so we put together a media server, and we worked with Sony Pictures, and we remastered 10 titles into 4K. We loaded them onto the server, and we loan that server to the customer so they've got that real experience." The 4K server ships with Sony's only 4K TV available right now, the 84-inch model, and Molyneux didn't say whether it would also be packaged with the 65- or 55-inch sets the company unveiled at CES. It'll probably get boring to watch the same 10 4K titles, though, so Sony plans to send out regular updates with more content. The first is due in February. These won't be downloaded — Sony will actually hand-deliver a "memory device" to owners of the 84-inch TV via its white-glove service. But as Molyneux announced at Sony's press conference, downloads are in the works. "What we're focusing on this summer, in the U.S. only, is this download service, so owners of all of our 4K TVs will be able to download content remotely to a server device," he says. Will customers be able to download only Sony movies, however? Molyneux says the project is in early stages so other studios haven't yet had the chance to sign up. But broad 4K support from Hollywood and others is the goal with the service. "What I believe will happen is that there is now great momentum, that consumers are embracing 4K because it's such a thrilling experience, and I believe other studios will get on board," Molyneux says. "But there are other content creators outside of Hollywood who are producing great 4K content, many of them using our 4K cameras." How do you like Sony's plans to deliver 4K? Would you prefer downloads or a disc format? Share your thoughts in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.LAS VEGAS — If there was a trend at CES 2013, it was 4K. Every major TV manufacturer announced at least one TV with 4K resolution, and some unveiled several. Not many addressed the main issue with the new "Ultra HD" format, however: the lack of content. Sony was one of the few who did, and the company's chief operating officer, Phil Molyneux, told Mashable in an interview how customers of its 4K TVs will be able to get content in native 4K. "We wanted to deliver a native 4K experience," Molyneux says, "so we put together a media server, and we worked with Sony Pictures, and we remastered 10 titles into 4K. We loaded them onto the server, and we loan that server to the customer so they've got that real experience." The 4K server ships with Sony's only 4K TV available right now, the 84-inch model, and Molyneux didn't say whether it would also be packaged with the 65- or 55-inch sets the company unveiled at CES. It'll probably get boring to watch the same 10 4K titles, though, so Sony plans to send out regular updates with more content. The first is due in February. These won't be downloaded — Sony will actually hand-deliver a "memory device" to owners of the 84-inch TV via its white-glove service. But as Molyneux announced at Sony's press conference, downloads are in the works. "What we're focusing on this summer, in the U.S. only, is this download service, so owners of all of our 4K TVs will be able to download content remotely to a server device," he says. Will customers be able to download only Sony movies, however? Molyneux says the project is in early stages so other studios haven't yet had the chance to sign up. But broad 4K support from Hollywood and others is the goal with the service. "What I believe will happen is that there is now great momentum, that consumers are embracing 4K because it's such a thrilling experience, and I believe other studios will get on board," Molyneux says. "But there are other content creators outside of Hollywood who are producing great 4K content, many of them using our 4K cameras." How do you like Sony's plans to deliver 4K? Would you prefer downloads or a disc format? Share your thoughts in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.