 This video of several men singing "Can You Feel The Love Tonight" — yes, the Disney song — in harmony, a cappella could be the greatest contribution Canada has ever made to the Internet. Who else thinks Tim Horton's should have this gray-haired, harmonizing gang as their new TV commercial?  SEE ALSO: The Most Misheard Lyrics of 2012
 Come for a coffee, stay for some happiness. That's the Canadian way.  Video via YouTube, Danfi Parker. Photo courtesy of Flickr, oursintheafternoon. BONUS: Grab Your Hairbrush Microphone for 10 YouTube Sing-Alongs
 Late night on the L train platform in Williamsburg, Brooklyn a sing-along moment of Whitney Houston's "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" broke out. T-Mobile helps make memorable moments for arriving passengers at Heathrow's Terminal 5.  This family's morning routine includes a "Bohemian Rhapsody" sing-along on the way to school. A flash mob offers a touching thank you to a soldier and his family on Father's Day 2011 in Fayetteville, NC. A big group sing-along of "Hey Jude" in Trafalgar Square in London. Holiday shoppers got quite the surprise on Nov.13 2010 when more than 100 participants began singing "Hallelujah" in a mall food court.  During the London 2012 Games, Olympic Stadium broke out in song with "All You Need Is Love." The crowd chimed in during a Ben Folds performance of "Not The Same" with the Western Australia Symphony Orchestra. An enthusiastic London taxi driver gets passengers to sing-along in his cab. In this ultimate virtual sing-along, maestro Eric Whitacre directs 185 voices. This video of several men singing "Can You Feel The Love Tonight" — yes, the Disney song — in harmony, a cappella could be the greatest contribution Canada has ever made to the Internet. Who else thinks Tim Horton's should have this gray-haired, harmonizing gang as their new TV commercial?  SEE ALSO: The Most Misheard Lyrics of 2012
 Come for a coffee, stay for some happiness. That's the Canadian way.  Video via YouTube, Danfi Parker. Photo courtesy of Flickr, oursintheafternoon. BONUS: Grab Your Hairbrush Microphone for 10 YouTube Sing-Alongs
 Late night on the L train platform in Williamsburg, Brooklyn a sing-along moment of Whitney Houston's "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" broke out. T-Mobile helps make memorable moments for arriving passengers at Heathrow's Terminal 5.  This family's morning routine includes a "Bohemian Rhapsody" sing-along on the way to school. A flash mob offers a touching thank you to a soldier and his family on Father's Day 2011 in Fayetteville, NC. A big group sing-along of "Hey Jude" in Trafalgar Square in London. Holiday shoppers got quite the surprise on Nov.13 2010 when more than 100 participants began singing "Hallelujah" in a mall food court.  During the London 2012 Games, Olympic Stadium broke out in song with "All You Need Is Love." The crowd chimed in during a Ben Folds performance of "Not The Same" with the Western Australia Symphony Orchestra. An enthusiastic London taxi driver gets passengers to sing-along in his cab. In this ultimate virtual sing-along, maestro Eric Whitacre directs 185 voices.