Sudy Bharadwaj is a founder and the CEO of Jackalope Jobs, a platform that helps job seekers find a job via their social networks. Learn how Sudy and Jackalope Jobs obsess over job seekers by connecting with them on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. New  research shows the effects of a bad hire go beyond a minimal cost. While 41% of employers estimated the costs of a bad hire to be more than $25,000 (and 24% estimated more than $50,000), many of these employers also listed loss of productivity, lost time to recruit and train another worker, and the cost to recruit and train another worker as the main pitfalls of making a bad hire. But let’s flip our perspective for a moment and consider this: What if you are that bad hire? More importantly, as you look for your next job, how can you improve the perception to your new employer that you are not that bad, high-risk new hire? You might be hiding in a corner right now wondering what you did wrong — but don’t put all the blame on yourself. In fact, it’s partially the employer’s fault. Employers reported that much of the reason for making a bad hire included trying to fill the job too quickly, insufficient talent intelligence and failure to check references. If you’ve been fired because you just weren’t the “right fit” for a company, keep your chin up. Learn from your mistakes and the ones made by the hiring manager, and make sure your next job is a great fit for both you and your employer. The following are a few ways to avoid being a bad hire for a company. This can be a tough task. Use your networking skills and try to find out what happened with the employee you are replacing. You may need to walk a fine line between not being too nosy, but proper research should benefit you and your employer. One quote I have seen successfully used is, “I am not looking for a job, I am looking for a win, let's work together and learn from the past to get to a successful future.” This type of dialogue can certainly change the tone of your conversation with an employer. Just as the employer needs to sufficiently research you, you also need to conduct adequate research on the company. This needs to be done way before you accept the job. In fact, you should be doing this research  prior to writing the cover letter. Before you accept any job offer, take the time to truly understand the mechanics of your employer. Do a little research online: Take a look at their website, social media accounts, and any recent news. Consider these questions when doing company research: What’s the history and foundation of the company? What’s the mission and vision of the organization, and how do you fit into these goals? What is the management style in the office? What are the employer’s work expectations? Is there room for growth? Are you truly happy with the benefits provided? Employers cited 67% of their bad hires as having lackluster work. But if the candidate didn’t understand the job requirements, this may be part of the problem. Understanding the job you're accepting can help ensure you're not making a poor decision in terms of fit or skills.  Job seekers are often so enthralled in simply getting a job, they forget any job isn’t the same as the  right job. So, make sure you asked a lot of questions during your interview. If you’d like to hear more about processes, deadlines, managers or any job-related work, don’t hesitate to ask. This will give you a better sense of your day-to-day work, and if that work aligns with your skills and experience. Again, it’s easy to get overzealous about accepting any job — but being honest with your employer is vital. Lying on your resume, cover letter, references or during the interview will never work in your favor. Lies, large and small, often have a way of coming back to bite you. Be upfront about anything that the employer might need to know before you’re hired. Employers cited that 60% of their bad hires did not work well with other employees. This lack of teamwork is often due to the company culture, and if you were unaware of this culture prior to accepting the job, therein lies the problem. Always make it a point to get a sense of the company culture before accepting a job. If you don’t know enough about the culture from the website or social media accounts, ask your interviewer if you can have a quick tour of the office. Avoid being a bad hire by having some foresight before accepting any job. Your employer will thank you for it later. Have you ever been fired because you were a poor fit with the company? How do you recommend rectifying these situations in the future? The Mashable Job Board connects job-seekers across the U.S. with unique career opportunities in the digital space. While we publish a wide range of job listings, we have selected a few job opportunities from the past two weeks to help get you started. Happy hunting! Online Ad Trafficker at Pandora Internet Radio in Oakland Digital Marketing Analysis at Capacity Interactive Inc. in New York Senior Digital Strategist at Blueye in Chicago  Image courtesy of 401(K) 2013 Sudy Bharadwaj is a co-founder and the CEO of Jackalope Jobs, a platform that helps job seekers find a job via their social networks. ...MoreSudy Bharadwaj is a founder and the CEO of Jackalope Jobs, a platform that helps job seekers find a job via their social networks. Learn how Sudy and Jackalope Jobs obsess over job seekers by connecting with them on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. New  research shows the effects of a bad hire go beyond a minimal cost. While 41% of employers estimated the costs of a bad hire to be more than $25,000 (and 24% estimated more than $50,000), many of these employers also listed loss of productivity, lost time to recruit and train another worker, and the cost to recruit and train another worker as the main pitfalls of making a bad hire. But let’s flip our perspective for a moment and consider this: What if you are that bad hire? More importantly, as you look for your next job, how can you improve the perception to your new employer that you are not that bad, high-risk new hire? You might be hiding in a corner right now wondering what you did wrong — but don’t put all the blame on yourself. In fact, it’s partially the employer’s fault. Employers reported that much of the reason for making a bad hire included trying to fill the job too quickly, insufficient talent intelligence and failure to check references. If you’ve been fired because you just weren’t the “right fit” for a company, keep your chin up. Learn from your mistakes and the ones made by the hiring manager, and make sure your next job is a great fit for both you and your employer. The following are a few ways to avoid being a bad hire for a company. This can be a tough task. Use your networking skills and try to find out what happened with the employee you are replacing. You may need to walk a fine line between not being too nosy, but proper research should benefit you and your employer. One quote I have seen successfully used is, “I am not looking for a job, I am looking for a win, let's work together and learn from the past to get to a successful future.” This type of dialogue can certainly change the tone of your conversation with an employer. Just as the employer needs to sufficiently research you, you also need to conduct adequate research on the company. This needs to be done way before you accept the job. In fact, you should be doing this research  prior to writing the cover letter. Before you accept any job offer, take the time to truly understand the mechanics of your employer. Do a little research online: Take a look at their website, social media accounts, and any recent news. Consider these questions when doing company research: What’s the history and foundation of the company? What’s the mission and vision of the organization, and how do you fit into these goals? What is the management style in the office? What are the employer’s work expectations? Is there room for growth? Are you truly happy with the benefits provided? Employers cited 67% of their bad hires as having lackluster work. But if the candidate didn’t understand the job requirements, this may be part of the problem. Understanding the job you're accepting can help ensure you're not making a poor decision in terms of fit or skills.  Job seekers are often so enthralled in simply getting a job, they forget any job isn’t the same as the  right job. So, make sure you asked a lot of questions during your interview. If you’d like to hear more about processes, deadlines, managers or any job-related work, don’t hesitate to ask. This will give you a better sense of your day-to-day work, and if that work aligns with your skills and experience. Again, it’s easy to get overzealous about accepting any job — but being honest with your employer is vital. Lying on your resume, cover letter, references or during the interview will never work in your favor. Lies, large and small, often have a way of coming back to bite you. Be upfront about anything that the employer might need to know before you’re hired. Employers cited that 60% of their bad hires did not work well with other employees. This lack of teamwork is often due to the company culture, and if you were unaware of this culture prior to accepting the job, therein lies the problem. Always make it a point to get a sense of the company culture before accepting a job. If you don’t know enough about the culture from the website or social media accounts, ask your interviewer if you can have a quick tour of the office. Avoid being a bad hire by having some foresight before accepting any job. Your employer will thank you for it later. Have you ever been fired because you were a poor fit with the company? How do you recommend rectifying these situations in the future? The Mashable Job Board connects job-seekers across the U.S. with unique career opportunities in the digital space. While we publish a wide range of job listings, we have selected a few job opportunities from the past two weeks to help get you started. Happy hunting! Online Ad Trafficker at Pandora Internet Radio in Oakland Digital Marketing Analysis at Capacity Interactive Inc. in New York Senior Digital Strategist at Blueye in Chicago  Image courtesy of 401(K) 2013 Sudy Bharadwaj is a co-founder and the CEO of Jackalope Jobs, a platform that helps job seekers find a job via their social networks. ...More