Intel knows what computers will look like next year, and the chip manufacturer gave the world a sneak peek at CES 2013 with its reference PC design for the next generation of Core processors. Take a look at what the future looks like: http://on.mash.to/THA8Xq. Photo by Mashable Nvidia's Project Shield is a powerful Android game console that packs the company's latest and greatest mobile chip, the Tegra 4 -- and doubles as a controller, too.  Check out our hands-on with this surprising game controller/console: http://on.mash.to/VPNPSO. Photo by Mashable Remember when USB flash drives had the capacity of a couple of megabytes? Those times are long gone, as Kingston introduced what it claims is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive.  Reab about it: http://on.mash.to/W02SbA Photo courtesy of Kingston At CES, Panasonic showed off the world's first 20-inch 4K resolution tablet, with Windows 8. We got our hands on it -- check out what we thought about this huge tablet: http://on.mash.to/TRkhpa Photo by Mashable Qualcomm launched its new flagship mobile processor, the Snapdragon 800 at CES this week. Learn more about this new mobile processor: http://on.mash.to/Ue1NOD Photo courtesy Unclear Samsung rolled out the world's largest 4K ultra-high definition TV (UHD TV) offering four times the resolution of 1080p high-definition displays.  Learn more about this impressive TV: http://on.mash.to/Vz8ASy Photo by Mashable Chinese manufacturer Huawei announced at CES the huge 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate smartphone-tablet hybrid. Take a closer look at this Samsung Galaxy Note II competitor: http://on.mash.to/13momFR Photo by Mashable This new 10.1-inch Vizio Android tablet is the first Nvidia quad-core Tegra 4-powered tablet.   Check out Mashable Tech Editor Pete Pachal's full hands-on with this powerful tablet: http://on.mash.to/13momFR Photo by Mashable Sony debuted a waterproof digital Walkman at CES, the NZW-W270, which contains a 4GB music player inside a pair of earphones.  Learn more about this new underwater music player: http://on.mash.to/TJqnrH Photo by Mashable The popular LEGO robot playground is getting its biggest update in six years with the new LEGO Mindstorms EV3, a 601 LEGO-piece kit equipped with sensors, programming software, and at its heart, a programmable "brick" that always sits -- figuratively and literally -- at the center of any Mindstorms project. Check out this new LEGO DIY robotic kit: http://on.mash.to/108F24K Photo by Mashable The long-anticipated 2013 International CES came and went in a flurry of techno-goodness. Luckily, Mashable's team was in Las Vegas so that nothing that happened at this year's CES stayed there. And there was definitely a lot to remember and report on at this year's gadget bonanza.   It was really hard to narrow down all the tech stories that came out of CES to just 10, but we think these are the 10 biggest ones. They also reflect the wide array of diversity that was on display in Las Vegas. This year, there were giant tablets, Ultra-high-def TVs, super-fast processors and the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive.  SEE ALSO: Previous editions of Top 10 Tech This Week Intel showcased a reference laptop that should give us an idea of what laptops will look like next year: They'll have detachable screens and Intel's next-gen processors. Qualcomm also unveiled a new, faster, mobile processor. There was also time for innovative and surprising gadgets like Nvidia's Project Shield, a game controller that integrates a 5-inch screen and is an actual all-in-one Android-powered console.  Take a look at our Top 10 Tech This Week gallery to see the best of CES.Intel knows what computers will look like next year, and the chip manufacturer gave the world a sneak peek at CES 2013 with its reference PC design for the next generation of Core processors. Take a look at what the future looks like: http://on.mash.to/THA8Xq. Photo by Mashable Nvidia's Project Shield is a powerful Android game console that packs the company's latest and greatest mobile chip, the Tegra 4 -- and doubles as a controller, too.  Check out our hands-on with this surprising game controller/console: http://on.mash.to/VPNPSO. Photo by Mashable Remember when USB flash drives had the capacity of a couple of megabytes? Those times are long gone, as Kingston introduced what it claims is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive.  Reab about it: http://on.mash.to/W02SbA Photo courtesy of Kingston At CES, Panasonic showed off the world's first 20-inch 4K resolution tablet, with Windows 8. We got our hands on it -- check out what we thought about this huge tablet: http://on.mash.to/TRkhpa Photo by Mashable Qualcomm launched its new flagship mobile processor, the Snapdragon 800 at CES this week. Learn more about this new mobile processor: http://on.mash.to/Ue1NOD Photo courtesy Unclear Samsung rolled out the world's largest 4K ultra-high definition TV (UHD TV) offering four times the resolution of 1080p high-definition displays.  Learn more about this impressive TV: http://on.mash.to/Vz8ASy Photo by Mashable Chinese manufacturer Huawei announced at CES the huge 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate smartphone-tablet hybrid. Take a closer look at this Samsung Galaxy Note II competitor: http://on.mash.to/13momFR Photo by Mashable This new 10.1-inch Vizio Android tablet is the first Nvidia quad-core Tegra 4-powered tablet.   Check out Mashable Tech Editor Pete Pachal's full hands-on with this powerful tablet: http://on.mash.to/13momFR Photo by Mashable Sony debuted a waterproof digital Walkman at CES, the NZW-W270, which contains a 4GB music player inside a pair of earphones.  Learn more about this new underwater music player: http://on.mash.to/TJqnrH Photo by Mashable The popular LEGO robot playground is getting its biggest update in six years with the new LEGO Mindstorms EV3, a 601 LEGO-piece kit equipped with sensors, programming software, and at its heart, a programmable "brick" that always sits -- figuratively and literally -- at the center of any Mindstorms project. Check out this new LEGO DIY robotic kit: http://on.mash.to/108F24K Photo by Mashable The long-anticipated 2013 International CES came and went in a flurry of techno-goodness. Luckily, Mashable's team was in Las Vegas so that nothing that happened at this year's CES stayed there. And there was definitely a lot to remember and report on at this year's gadget bonanza.   It was really hard to narrow down all the tech stories that came out of CES to just 10, but we think these are the 10 biggest ones. They also reflect the wide array of diversity that was on display in Las Vegas. This year, there were giant tablets, Ultra-high-def TVs, super-fast processors and the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive.  SEE ALSO: Previous editions of Top 10 Tech This Week Intel showcased a reference laptop that should give us an idea of what laptops will look like next year: They'll have detachable screens and Intel's next-gen processors. Qualcomm also unveiled a new, faster, mobile processor. There was also time for innovative and surprising gadgets like Nvidia's Project Shield, a game controller that integrates a 5-inch screen and is an actual all-in-one Android-powered console.  Take a look at our Top 10 Tech This Week gallery to see the best of CES.