I’m what you would call an International CES veteran. I’ve been covering the trade show long enough to know what kind of items I need to have on hand to get me through the long days and nights — and I’m not just talking comfy shoes.  Reporters walk a lot during the course of the day, and we carry plenty of gear. We depend on our laptops and cellphones to communicate with the rest of our team, as well as to file stories. Wi-Fi and cellular signals are also essential, but don’t always work the way they’re supposed to when there’s a lot of network traffic, so bringing backup is key. Here are the essentials I take with me when packing for any kind of travel: Graphic courtesy Innergie One day, we'll live in a perfect world where every device will use a universal charging connector. Until then, we have Innergie's Magic Trio. It's a charging cable that provides three connectors in one: mini USB, micro USB and a 30-pin connector. This was my best friend throughout the show. I was able to charge almost all my devices with it, using either my laptop or plugged into a USB-to-AC adapter. What's more, "Magic Trio" may soon become "Magic Quartet," as the company will be adding a Lightning connector to the cable after Apple gives its approval.  Graphic courtesy Belkin The press room can get pretty packed with reporters trying to work and charge up their devices at the same time. I never travel anywhere without my Belkin mini surge protector. It provides three extra outlets and two USB ports; this came in handy when there was just one open outlet left where I was sitting; I was able to plug in and add two more devices, as well as two items that charged via USB. Then, someone next to me asked if he could add his brick to mine — we created quite the tower of power (pictured above).  Photo by Mashable Graphic courtesy MyCharge The only device that lost power more than I could find locations to charge it was my iPhone 5. While it provided great, fast coverage and took almost-postworthy pictures, I had issues with running out of battery power halfway through each day. Our team was using GroupMe to communicate, and we sent a lot of texts throughout the day. I also checked my calendar frequently to see where my next event or meeting was. I found myself one evening leaving my phone to be charged at the one booth I found that had a Lightning charger. To avoid this from happening again, I started bringing the MyCharge with me each day. It provided an extra charge to my phone during the day via a USB-to-Lightning cable that I brought with me. If I had events late into the night, I could always charge up the MyCharge off my laptop, so if I needed it again, it would be available. Graphic courtesy Antler Luggage I’m sure everyone whose toes I ran over hates me, but I’ve learned over the years, I can’t carry it all. I use a wheelie-bag to navigate the packed halls, and while it sometimes makes it difficult to get through the crowds, I don’t know how I would make it if I had to carry everything I bring with me each day — not to mention the things I collect throughout the day. Knowing I have the rolling bag also makes it easier for me to throw in those chargers and extra batteries because I’m not worried about the added weight. Photo by Mashable, Charlie White Wi-Fi in the press room can either be fabulous or useless. You never know. And companies don't usually provide Wi-Fi during their press conferences, so if you want to tweet out the latest news and send your material in, you need a mobile hotspot. I was using AT&T’s MiFi Liberate with speedy LTE, which never failed me once the entire time I was there. I only needed to remember to keep it charged, and it provided access when I needed it, whether in the press room, a crowded conference or on a shuttle bus from the hotel to the Las Vegas Convention Center.  The other lifesaver was an Ethernet-to-USB adapter for my laptop that doesn’t have a built-in Ethernet port. Others on my team didn't have this, and when the Wi-Fi failed, as it often does, they were out of luck — or signal. Another option in that situation would have been the TP Link Portable Router. If you have just one Ethernet line, you plug it into the tiny router which then becomes a hotspot. Up to ten people can then log on to its password-protected signal and share the connectivity. Graphic courtesy Plantronics Chatty airplane seatmates and the need to focus on work require a good set of headphones. A solid pair will help drown out the noise around you so you concentrate on getting some writing done. On this trip I took along the Plantronics Blackwire 700 Series USB Headset, because not only can I hear the interview audio I’m transcribing from my computer, they also pair to my cellphone via Bluetooth. That way, if I receive a call or text from someone on my team, I don't miss it because I'm submerged in silence. I can simply hit "answer" and the call will be routed to the headphones. Graphic courtesy Toddy Gear I often find myself trying to write a quick post while I'm grabbing lunch or a snack, resulting in sticky keys. Or my cellphone screen gets smudged from being pressed up to my cheek during a call. For those situations, there are Toddy Wipes. They're funky colored microfiber cloths. They come in a variety of vibrant, designer patterns, and they're washable, reusable, and have an antimicrobial coating to keep germs and bacteria from spreading.  Those are the items I take with me — let us know what’s always in your bag when you travel.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.I’m what you would call an International CES veteran. I’ve been covering the trade show long enough to know what kind of items I need to have on hand to get me through the long days and nights — and I’m not just talking comfy shoes.  Reporters walk a lot during the course of the day, and we carry plenty of gear. We depend on our laptops and cellphones to communicate with the rest of our team, as well as to file stories. Wi-Fi and cellular signals are also essential, but don’t always work the way they’re supposed to when there’s a lot of network traffic, so bringing backup is key. Here are the essentials I take with me when packing for any kind of travel: Graphic courtesy Innergie One day, we'll live in a perfect world where every device will use a universal charging connector. Until then, we have Innergie's Magic Trio. It's a charging cable that provides three connectors in one: mini USB, micro USB and a 30-pin connector. This was my best friend throughout the show. I was able to charge almost all my devices with it, using either my laptop or plugged into a USB-to-AC adapter. What's more, "Magic Trio" may soon become "Magic Quartet," as the company will be adding a Lightning connector to the cable after Apple gives its approval.  Graphic courtesy Belkin The press room can get pretty packed with reporters trying to work and charge up their devices at the same time. I never travel anywhere without my Belkin mini surge protector. It provides three extra outlets and two USB ports; this came in handy when there was just one open outlet left where I was sitting; I was able to plug in and add two more devices, as well as two items that charged via USB. Then, someone next to me asked if he could add his brick to mine — we created quite the tower of power (pictured above).  Photo by Mashable Graphic courtesy MyCharge The only device that lost power more than I could find locations to charge it was my iPhone 5. While it provided great, fast coverage and took almost-postworthy pictures, I had issues with running out of battery power halfway through each day. Our team was using GroupMe to communicate, and we sent a lot of texts throughout the day. I also checked my calendar frequently to see where my next event or meeting was. I found myself one evening leaving my phone to be charged at the one booth I found that had a Lightning charger. To avoid this from happening again, I started bringing the MyCharge with me each day. It provided an extra charge to my phone during the day via a USB-to-Lightning cable that I brought with me. If I had events late into the night, I could always charge up the MyCharge off my laptop, so if I needed it again, it would be available. Graphic courtesy Antler Luggage I’m sure everyone whose toes I ran over hates me, but I’ve learned over the years, I can’t carry it all. I use a wheelie-bag to navigate the packed halls, and while it sometimes makes it difficult to get through the crowds, I don’t know how I would make it if I had to carry everything I bring with me each day — not to mention the things I collect throughout the day. Knowing I have the rolling bag also makes it easier for me to throw in those chargers and extra batteries because I’m not worried about the added weight. Photo by Mashable, Charlie White Wi-Fi in the press room can either be fabulous or useless. You never know. And companies don't usually provide Wi-Fi during their press conferences, so if you want to tweet out the latest news and send your material in, you need a mobile hotspot. I was using AT&T’s MiFi Liberate with speedy LTE, which never failed me once the entire time I was there. I only needed to remember to keep it charged, and it provided access when I needed it, whether in the press room, a crowded conference or on a shuttle bus from the hotel to the Las Vegas Convention Center.  The other lifesaver was an Ethernet-to-USB adapter for my laptop that doesn’t have a built-in Ethernet port. Others on my team didn't have this, and when the Wi-Fi failed, as it often does, they were out of luck — or signal. Another option in that situation would have been the TP Link Portable Router. If you have just one Ethernet line, you plug it into the tiny router which then becomes a hotspot. Up to ten people can then log on to its password-protected signal and share the connectivity. Graphic courtesy Plantronics Chatty airplane seatmates and the need to focus on work require a good set of headphones. A solid pair will help drown out the noise around you so you concentrate on getting some writing done. On this trip I took along the Plantronics Blackwire 700 Series USB Headset, because not only can I hear the interview audio I’m transcribing from my computer, they also pair to my cellphone via Bluetooth. That way, if I receive a call or text from someone on my team, I don't miss it because I'm submerged in silence. I can simply hit "answer" and the call will be routed to the headphones. Graphic courtesy Toddy Gear I often find myself trying to write a quick post while I'm grabbing lunch or a snack, resulting in sticky keys. Or my cellphone screen gets smudged from being pressed up to my cheek during a call. For those situations, there are Toddy Wipes. They're funky colored microfiber cloths. They come in a variety of vibrant, designer patterns, and they're washable, reusable, and have an antimicrobial coating to keep germs and bacteria from spreading.  Those are the items I take with me — let us know what’s always in your bag when you travel.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.