 Just a month after Pope Benedict XVI launched his official Twitter account, other representatives of the Catholic faith are giving new meaning to the term, "religious text." The Holy Name Province, self-described as the largest group of friars in the U.S., announced that they are now accepting prayer intentions via text. Called "Text a Prayer Intention to a Franciscan Friar," the program encourages participants to text the word "PRAYER" to 306-44, according to a release. Senders will then receive a welcome message inviting them to submit their prayer intentions. After they are sent in, participants will receive another text confirming that their prayer has been received and will be prayed for.  "With technology changing the way we communicate, we needed to offer people an updated way to ask for prayers for special intentions and needs either for themselves or others," Father David Convertino, executive director of development for the Franciscan Friars of Holy Name Province, said in a statement.  Do you think text messaging is a good way for religious bodies to connect with their followers? Discuss in the comments below. Image courtesy of Holy Name Province Just a month after Pope Benedict XVI launched his official Twitter account, other representatives of the Catholic faith are giving new meaning to the term, "religious text." The Holy Name Province, self-described as the largest group of friars in the U.S., announced that they are now accepting prayer intentions via text. Called "Text a Prayer Intention to a Franciscan Friar," the program encourages participants to text the word "PRAYER" to 306-44, according to a release. Senders will then receive a welcome message inviting them to submit their prayer intentions. After they are sent in, participants will receive another text confirming that their prayer has been received and will be prayed for.  "With technology changing the way we communicate, we needed to offer people an updated way to ask for prayers for special intentions and needs either for themselves or others," Father David Convertino, executive director of development for the Franciscan Friars of Holy Name Province, said in a statement.  Do you think text messaging is a good way for religious bodies to connect with their followers? Discuss in the comments below. Image courtesy of Holy Name Province