Boasting that it will "bring snowball battles into the 21st century," this slingshot will make you king of the block.   Cost: $39.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Two kids, or one adult, can hurl themselves down snowy slopes on this fun inflatable.  Cost: $24.95 Image courtesy of Amazon This lightweight bobsled promises "slalom-like turns" thanks to its curvy design and steering stick.  Cost: $39.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Add imagination and this kit has everything a kid needs to make snow castles, forts, igloos and more.  Cost: $18.99 Image courtesy of Amazon This scooter comes with everything required to cunningly convert into a high-speed snowmobile.  Cost: $99.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Stay out of range from your "enemies" with this contraption, which can launch snowballs a whopping 50 feet.  Cost: $29.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Skater bois and grls can still have fun in the winter weather with this specially adapted board.  Cost: $53.49 Image courtesy of Amazon If you're looking for a softer ride than the traditional sledge, consider a bean bag sled.  Cost: $99.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Perfect for younger snowball makers, this tool will help little hands create effective missiles.  Cost: $4.95 Image courtesy of Amazon Finally, capture all the snow fun with these high-tech goggles. They offer a hands-free way to grab stills and video footage and then wirelessly stream content for instant playback.   Cost: $399.99 Image courtesy of Sharper Image With the snow comes the fun. To help you find amusement in the colder weather, we have found 10 toys, gadgets and gizmos for the next snow day.  From contraptions that will help you win snowball fights to different ways to hurl yourself down snowy slopes, you'll find something in our superb selection.  SEE ALSO: 6 Great Gloves for Touchscreen Gadget Lovers
 Take a look through our ice-cool selection of snow-themed toys and gadgets in the gallery above. Let us know in the comments below how you celebrate the snow.  Image courtesy of Sharper ImageBoasting that it will "bring snowball battles into the 21st century," this slingshot will make you king of the block.   Cost: $39.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Two kids, or one adult, can hurl themselves down snowy slopes on this fun inflatable.  Cost: $24.95 Image courtesy of Amazon This lightweight bobsled promises "slalom-like turns" thanks to its curvy design and steering stick.  Cost: $39.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Add imagination and this kit has everything a kid needs to make snow castles, forts, igloos and more.  Cost: $18.99 Image courtesy of Amazon This scooter comes with everything required to cunningly convert into a high-speed snowmobile.  Cost: $99.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Stay out of range from your "enemies" with this contraption, which can launch snowballs a whopping 50 feet.  Cost: $29.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Skater bois and grls can still have fun in the winter weather with this specially adapted board.  Cost: $53.49 Image courtesy of Amazon If you're looking for a softer ride than the traditional sledge, consider a bean bag sled.  Cost: $99.95 Image courtesy of Hammacher Schlemmer  Perfect for younger snowball makers, this tool will help little hands create effective missiles.  Cost: $4.95 Image courtesy of Amazon Finally, capture all the snow fun with these high-tech goggles. They offer a hands-free way to grab stills and video footage and then wirelessly stream content for instant playback.   Cost: $399.99 Image courtesy of Sharper Image With the snow comes the fun. To help you find amusement in the colder weather, we have found 10 toys, gadgets and gizmos for the next snow day.  From contraptions that will help you win snowball fights to different ways to hurl yourself down snowy slopes, you'll find something in our superb selection.  SEE ALSO: 6 Great Gloves for Touchscreen Gadget Lovers
 Take a look through our ice-cool selection of snow-themed toys and gadgets in the gallery above. Let us know in the comments below how you celebrate the snow.  Image courtesy of Sharper Image