"Weekend Update" veterans Tina Fey and Amy Poehler anchored a show together over the weekend. No one can stop talking about the new albums forthcoming from Destiny's Child and Justin Timberlake. But, no, we haven't gone back in time to 2005. It just happened to be a very busy week for artists looking to make a comeback.  We premiered last week "Nuclear," the first single from Destiny's Child in seven years. Over the weekend, Justin Timberlake released the new track "Suit and Tie" (which happens to feature an appearance by Beyonce's husband Jay-Z). David Bowie outshone them both, however: his first album in more than a decade has not yet dropped, but it is already at the top of the iTunes charts in 17 countries.  The buzz around these new releases is understandable: the public loves a comeback. To celebrate the biggest musical comebacks of our age, we put together a Spotify playlist of the best musical comebacks for this week's Music Monday.   SEE ALSO: Music Monday: The CES Playlist What are your favorite musical comebacks of all time? Let us know some of your picks and we'll add them to our playlist. Here's how you can share your favorite musical comebacks with us:  Tell us in the comments. Make sure to include the artist and the song so we can be certain to find it. Tweet us your song choice @mashableHQ and use the hashtag #MusicMonday. If you send us a Spotify link, we'll give it a listen and add some of our favorites To grab a Spotify link, control-click on any song in Spotify and "Copy HTTP link."  If you're not a Spotify user, you can still send us a link to wherever the track is hosted, and we'll do our best to listen. Image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images"Weekend Update" veterans Tina Fey and Amy Poehler anchored a show together over the weekend. No one can stop talking about the new albums forthcoming from Destiny's Child and Justin Timberlake. But, no, we haven't gone back in time to 2005. It just happened to be a very busy week for artists looking to make a comeback.  We premiered last week "Nuclear," the first single from Destiny's Child in seven years. Over the weekend, Justin Timberlake released the new track "Suit and Tie" (which happens to feature an appearance by Beyonce's husband Jay-Z). David Bowie outshone them both, however: his first album in more than a decade has not yet dropped, but it is already at the top of the iTunes charts in 17 countries.  The buzz around these new releases is understandable: the public loves a comeback. To celebrate the biggest musical comebacks of our age, we put together a Spotify playlist of the best musical comebacks for this week's Music Monday.   SEE ALSO: Music Monday: The CES Playlist What are your favorite musical comebacks of all time? Let us know some of your picks and we'll add them to our playlist. Here's how you can share your favorite musical comebacks with us:  Tell us in the comments. Make sure to include the artist and the song so we can be certain to find it. Tweet us your song choice @mashableHQ and use the hashtag #MusicMonday. If you send us a Spotify link, we'll give it a listen and add some of our favorites To grab a Spotify link, control-click on any song in Spotify and "Copy HTTP link."  If you're not a Spotify user, you can still send us a link to wherever the track is hosted, and we'll do our best to listen. Image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images