The Internet has reshaped the music industry. More than ever, musicians can distribute and sell their music without the help of a record label.  Those still looking for that traditional "big break" in the form of a record contract, however, are probably having a tough time transcending the glut of unsigned music on the Internet. It seems like every Tom, Dick and Harry has been begging you to check out his band ever since MySpace became a popular music publishing site nearly a decade ago.  To address this disconnect, a brand new website called Chartburst is making an ambitious attempt to use music fans' input to sort through the rabble of undiscovered talent, for the benefit of record labels. The site launches its beta phase Monday.  SEE ALSO: Why Are People Still Buying CDs?
 Chartburst co-founder Francis Gane tells Mashable that the idea has the ear of talent scouts at about 30 record labels and management companies. "For virtually every major label there is to speak of, we have an A&R [artist and repertoire representative] on board," he says. Indeed, Chartburst has amassed an impressive list of record labels across the nine genres the site will feature, including indie, pop, rock, dance, hiphop, world, country, folk and acoustic.  "I am excited to see what the site can offer and am looking forward to hearing the first bands when the site goes live," Cleo Russell, a representative from Warner Music Group, tells Mashable. As the name of the site suggests, Chartburst will feature a chart-based ranking system. Artists can submit one song at a time to one of the charts, which reset every two weeks. At the end of the two-week period, the top five artists in terms of fan votes on each of the charts will have their music forwarded to genre-specific talent scouts.  Representatives from the labels will then provide feedback to the artist via email within two weeks. In theory, this connection could lead to record deals for said Chartburst artists. "The site can't last unless people get signed," Gane says. "That's what they're paying their money for, and that's what the A&R signed up for." After a free trial period, artists must contribute a monthly fee to submit their music to the charts. The trial period lasts two months for beta users and one month for those who sign up when the site fully launches in several months. Beta users also get a discount on the monthly fee, which is $5 regularly but $2.50 for early adopters. You must like Chartburst's Facebook page to get a code to sign up for the beta, and there are a limited number of spaces. Chartburst is the brainchild of a father-and-son duo that has considerable music industry experience. The father, Laurie Gane, was a founding member of the Metropolitan Blues Quartet, a 1960s band that hit it big after becoming The Yardbirds.  "He was replaced by Eric Clapton when he left the band," says Francis Gane, referring to his father. The elder Gane went on to open a recording studio in London in the 1970s. He eventually grew tired of city living and relocated to bucolic northwest Wales. He set up a new studio at his country dwelling called Bryn Derwen Recording Studio, which has hosted the likes of Bat for Lashes, Beth Orton and Starsailor. Francis Gane graduated from the University of Manchester in 2009. He studied software engineering. Growing up, Gane spent a lot of time helping around the studio. He is also a recording artist and DJ. At 25, this is Gane's first attempt at a startup. Though they are both 50/50 investors, the younger Gane is very much the driving force behind the project, while the edler has supplied both contacts and guidance drawn from his many years in the industry. "He has provided advice all along the way, which has been pretty invaluable," Francis Gane says of his father's involvement with Chartburst. Make no mistake about it, Chartburst is a bold and ambitious idea. If it works, it could help democratize the music industry. For the site to work properly, however, it will have to satisfy three different factions: artists, music fans and record labels.  Musicians should be relatively easy to cajole — they get a potentially life-changing opportunity for a small investment. The site could become an effective tool for the record labels if the charts work properly. For that to happen, however, fans will need to engage with the site.  Chartburst could foreseeably turn into an annoying popularity contest, with bands constantly begging their social media followers to cast votes. The site will not work if music fans are only going to Chartburst out of obligation to their friends' bands, without attempting to discover new music. "We're hoping that having this filtered system will really give people a chance to find great new music," Francis Gane says. "Having a chart in which people's fans can vote for their favorite band's track is really giving the fans a vote, literally, in the future of popular music."  To facilitate fan engagement, the idea begs for a free mobile app — a sort of Pandora for unsigned artists. Gane says he hopes to produce a mobile app soon after the site launches. Being true startup, the Ganes' current financial situation will not allow for development of a mobile app quite yet. "We're a bootstrap father-and-son operation," Gane says. "Assuming we get an investor on board or we start getting some income from the site, it will all be plowed back into the development of a nice shiny app." Until then, the Chartburst team will need to find creative ways to keep fans interested. For every band that has ever begged for an opportunity to be heard, every music fan who has complained about hearing the same old stuff on the radio and every talent scout who has lamented the music logjam on the Internet, you all now have a place to call home. The quality of your collective nurturance will make or break this site. Images courtesy of Flickr, Michiel Jelijs and ChartburstThe Internet has reshaped the music industry. More than ever, musicians can distribute and sell their music without the help of a record label.  Those still looking for that traditional "big break" in the form of a record contract, however, are probably having a tough time transcending the glut of unsigned music on the Internet. It seems like every Tom, Dick and Harry has been begging you to check out his band ever since MySpace became a popular music publishing site nearly a decade ago.  To address this disconnect, a brand new website called Chartburst is making an ambitious attempt to use music fans' input to sort through the rabble of undiscovered talent, for the benefit of record labels. The site launches its beta phase Monday.  SEE ALSO: Why Are People Still Buying CDs?
 Chartburst co-founder Francis Gane tells Mashable that the idea has the ear of talent scouts at about 30 record labels and management companies. "For virtually every major label there is to speak of, we have an A&R [artist and repertoire representative] on board," he says. Indeed, Chartburst has amassed an impressive list of record labels across the nine genres the site will feature, including indie, pop, rock, dance, hiphop, world, country, folk and acoustic.  "I am excited to see what the site can offer and am looking forward to hearing the first bands when the site goes live," Cleo Russell, a representative from Warner Music Group, tells Mashable. As the name of the site suggests, Chartburst will feature a chart-based ranking system. Artists can submit one song at a time to one of the charts, which reset every two weeks. At the end of the two-week period, the top five artists in terms of fan votes on each of the charts will have their music forwarded to genre-specific talent scouts.  Representatives from the labels will then provide feedback to the artist via email within two weeks. In theory, this connection could lead to record deals for said Chartburst artists. "The site can't last unless people get signed," Gane says. "That's what they're paying their money for, and that's what the A&R signed up for." After a free trial period, artists must contribute a monthly fee to submit their music to the charts. The trial period lasts two months for beta users and one month for those who sign up when the site fully launches in several months. Beta users also get a discount on the monthly fee, which is $5 regularly but $2.50 for early adopters. You must like Chartburst's Facebook page to get a code to sign up for the beta, and there are a limited number of spaces. Chartburst is the brainchild of a father-and-son duo that has considerable music industry experience. The father, Laurie Gane, was a founding member of the Metropolitan Blues Quartet, a 1960s band that hit it big after becoming The Yardbirds.  "He was replaced by Eric Clapton when he left the band," says Francis Gane, referring to his father. The elder Gane went on to open a recording studio in London in the 1970s. He eventually grew tired of city living and relocated to bucolic northwest Wales. He set up a new studio at his country dwelling called Bryn Derwen Recording Studio, which has hosted the likes of Bat for Lashes, Beth Orton and Starsailor. Francis Gane graduated from the University of Manchester in 2009. He studied software engineering. Growing up, Gane spent a lot of time helping around the studio. He is also a recording artist and DJ. At 25, this is Gane's first attempt at a startup. Though they are both 50/50 investors, the younger Gane is very much the driving force behind the project, while the edler has supplied both contacts and guidance drawn from his many years in the industry. "He has provided advice all along the way, which has been pretty invaluable," Francis Gane says of his father's involvement with Chartburst. Make no mistake about it, Chartburst is a bold and ambitious idea. If it works, it could help democratize the music industry. For the site to work properly, however, it will have to satisfy three different factions: artists, music fans and record labels.  Musicians should be relatively easy to cajole — they get a potentially life-changing opportunity for a small investment. The site could become an effective tool for the record labels if the charts work properly. For that to happen, however, fans will need to engage with the site.  Chartburst could foreseeably turn into an annoying popularity contest, with bands constantly begging their social media followers to cast votes. The site will not work if music fans are only going to Chartburst out of obligation to their friends' bands, without attempting to discover new music. "We're hoping that having this filtered system will really give people a chance to find great new music," Francis Gane says. "Having a chart in which people's fans can vote for their favorite band's track is really giving the fans a vote, literally, in the future of popular music."  To facilitate fan engagement, the idea begs for a free mobile app — a sort of Pandora for unsigned artists. Gane says he hopes to produce a mobile app soon after the site launches. Being true startup, the Ganes' current financial situation will not allow for development of a mobile app quite yet. "We're a bootstrap father-and-son operation," Gane says. "Assuming we get an investor on board or we start getting some income from the site, it will all be plowed back into the development of a nice shiny app." Until then, the Chartburst team will need to find creative ways to keep fans interested. For every band that has ever begged for an opportunity to be heard, every music fan who has complained about hearing the same old stuff on the radio and every talent scout who has lamented the music logjam on the Internet, you all now have a place to call home. The quality of your collective nurturance will make or break this site. Images courtesy of Flickr, Michiel Jelijs and Chartburst