CNET senior writer Greg Sandoval has resigned after parent company CBS Corp. forced editors of the tech product review site to remove Dish Network's Hopper with Sling DVR from consideration for its "Best of CES" awards. The reason for its removal? CBS is currently suing Dish for its ability to skip commercials, a feature that's included in the Hopper set-top box. A spokesperson for CBS Corp. acknowledged in an email to Mashable Monday morning that the DVR was made ineligible for the award "due to active litigation involving our parent company CBS Corp." Going forward, CNET staffers are not only forbidden to nominate products involved in litigation with CBS Corp. for award shows and other accolades, but also to review them, the spokesperson wrote. A similar statement was posted at the bottom of the page that hosted the livestream of the award announcements late last week, and on a (favorable) review of the Hopper box published just five days ago. To impose such a policy on a publication like CNET — whose primary product is in-depth, unbiased reviews on a wide variety of hardware — isn't just problematic; it's also a poor business decision. It undermines the credibility of the entire CNET operation, doing little damage to Dish Network in the process. Indeed, it calls into question the integrity of all of CBS Corp.'s journalistic properties — a portfolio that includes CBS News, CBS Sports and a range of news sites. It's for that reason that Sandoval resigned. "I no longer have confidence that CBS is committed to editorial independence," he tweeted. "We are supposed to be truth tellers."  Hello all. Sad to report that I've resigned from CNET. I no longer have confidence that CBS is committed to editorial independence. CNET wasn't honest about what occurred regarding Dish is unacceptable to me. We are supposed to be truth tellers. I am not disgruntled. CBS and CNET were great to me. I just want to be known as an honest reporter. Thanks everyone for reading me. CNET had reviewed the Hopper and Dish's other commercial-skipping DVRs before. Why did CBS suddenly feel the need to get involved late last week? According to The Verge, this is how it played out: Executives at CBS learned that the Hopper would win "Best of Show" prior to the announcement. Before the winner was unveiled, CBS Interactive News senior-vice president and General Manager Mark Larkin informed CNET's staff that the Hopper could not take the top award. The Hopper would have to be removed from consideration, and the editorial team had to re-vote and pick a new winner from the remaining choices. Sources say that Larkin was distraught while delivering the news — at one point in tears — as he told the team that he had fought CBS executives who had made the decision. Apparently the move to strike the Hopper from the awards was passed down directly to Larkin from the office of CBS CEO, Leslie Moonves. Moonves has been one of the most outspoken opponents of the Hopper, telling investors at one point, "Hopper cannot exist... if Hopper exists, we will not be in business with (Dish)." According to sources, reviews lead Lindsey Turrentine, Larkin, and CBS Interactive president Jim Lanzone fought hard against the mandate from CBS, with numerous calls between CBS Interactive and CBS in New York. Thus far, Sandoval is the only CNET (and, for that matter, CBS Corp.) employee to speak out about the incident. We hope he won't be the last. Update: CNET's editor-in-chief has issued a statement on the matter. "I stand by my team and the years of work they have put into making CNET what it is," she says of her reason for not quitting on the spot. "But I wish I could have overridden the decision not to reveal that Dish had won the vote in the trailer. For that I apologize to my staff and to CNET readers. Image courtesy of Dish NetworkCNET senior writer Greg Sandoval has resigned after parent company CBS Corp. forced editors of the tech product review site to remove Dish Network's Hopper with Sling DVR from consideration for its "Best of CES" awards. The reason for its removal? CBS is currently suing Dish for its ability to skip commercials, a feature that's included in the Hopper set-top box. A spokesperson for CBS Corp. acknowledged in an email to Mashable Monday morning that the DVR was made ineligible for the award "due to active litigation involving our parent company CBS Corp." Going forward, CNET staffers are not only forbidden to nominate products involved in litigation with CBS Corp. for award shows and other accolades, but also to review them, the spokesperson wrote. A similar statement was posted at the bottom of the page that hosted the livestream of the award announcements late last week, and on a (favorable) review of the Hopper box published just five days ago. To impose such a policy on a publication like CNET — whose primary product is in-depth, unbiased reviews on a wide variety of hardware — isn't just problematic; it's also a poor business decision. It undermines the credibility of the entire CNET operation, doing little damage to Dish Network in the process. Indeed, it calls into question the integrity of all of CBS Corp.'s journalistic properties — a portfolio that includes CBS News, CBS Sports and a range of news sites. It's for that reason that Sandoval resigned. "I no longer have confidence that CBS is committed to editorial independence," he tweeted. "We are supposed to be truth tellers."  Hello all. Sad to report that I've resigned from CNET. I no longer have confidence that CBS is committed to editorial independence. CNET wasn't honest about what occurred regarding Dish is unacceptable to me. We are supposed to be truth tellers. I am not disgruntled. CBS and CNET were great to me. I just want to be known as an honest reporter. Thanks everyone for reading me. CNET had reviewed the Hopper and Dish's other commercial-skipping DVRs before. Why did CBS suddenly feel the need to get involved late last week? According to The Verge, this is how it played out: Executives at CBS learned that the Hopper would win "Best of Show" prior to the announcement. Before the winner was unveiled, CBS Interactive News senior-vice president and General Manager Mark Larkin informed CNET's staff that the Hopper could not take the top award. The Hopper would have to be removed from consideration, and the editorial team had to re-vote and pick a new winner from the remaining choices. Sources say that Larkin was distraught while delivering the news — at one point in tears — as he told the team that he had fought CBS executives who had made the decision. Apparently the move to strike the Hopper from the awards was passed down directly to Larkin from the office of CBS CEO, Leslie Moonves. Moonves has been one of the most outspoken opponents of the Hopper, telling investors at one point, "Hopper cannot exist... if Hopper exists, we will not be in business with (Dish)." According to sources, reviews lead Lindsey Turrentine, Larkin, and CBS Interactive president Jim Lanzone fought hard against the mandate from CBS, with numerous calls between CBS Interactive and CBS in New York. Thus far, Sandoval is the only CNET (and, for that matter, CBS Corp.) employee to speak out about the incident. We hope he won't be the last. Update: CNET's editor-in-chief has issued a statement on the matter. "I stand by my team and the years of work they have put into making CNET what it is," she says of her reason for not quitting on the spot. "But I wish I could have overridden the decision not to reveal that Dish had won the vote in the trailer. For that I apologize to my staff and to CNET readers. Image courtesy of Dish Network