 Want to stay safe on the road? Wear a seat belt, check your blindspots, avoid texting while driving and ... listen to Coldplay. Strange as it may sound, the British band's soothing tunes could help you avoid accidents while driving. Coldplay's "The Scientist" landed on a list of "ultimate safe driving songs" compiled by Confused.com, the creator of driving app MotorMate. From the data, London Metropolitan University professor Simon Moore concluded that the optimum music volume for driving is 55 to 65 decibels, while the ideal tempo should mimic the human heartbeat at around 60 to 80 beats per minute.  Based on Moore's findings, Confused.com created a safe-driving playlist that includes: Norah Jones' "Come Away With Me," Jason Mraz's "I'm Yours," Radiohead's "Karma Police" and Elton John's "Tiny Dancer." For more, check out the video above. On the other side of the spectrum, Moore cautioned against listening to music that is noisy, upbeat and increases your heart rate. For example, drivers should avoid the Black Eyed Peas' "Hey Mama," which topped Confused.com's list of top 10 dangerous driving songs. What do you listen to while driving? Tell us in the comments below. Image via YouTube screenshot Want to stay safe on the road? Wear a seat belt, check your blindspots, avoid texting while driving and ... listen to Coldplay. Strange as it may sound, the British band's soothing tunes could help you avoid accidents while driving. Coldplay's "The Scientist" landed on a list of "ultimate safe driving songs" compiled by Confused.com, the creator of driving app MotorMate. From the data, London Metropolitan University professor Simon Moore concluded that the optimum music volume for driving is 55 to 65 decibels, while the ideal tempo should mimic the human heartbeat at around 60 to 80 beats per minute.  Based on Moore's findings, Confused.com created a safe-driving playlist that includes: Norah Jones' "Come Away With Me," Jason Mraz's "I'm Yours," Radiohead's "Karma Police" and Elton John's "Tiny Dancer." For more, check out the video above. On the other side of the spectrum, Moore cautioned against listening to music that is noisy, upbeat and increases your heart rate. For example, drivers should avoid the Black Eyed Peas' "Hey Mama," which topped Confused.com's list of top 10 dangerous driving songs. What do you listen to while driving? Tell us in the comments below. Image via YouTube screenshot