Watch your step, man. You almost walked in (pixelated) dog poop.  In promotion for its newest animated film, Wreck-It Ralph, Disney transformed London's Brick Lane over the weekend into a pixel-themed street display called 8-Bit Lane.  The film, which is scheduled for release in the United Kingdom on Feb. 8, is about an arcade video game villain, Ralph, who rebels against his "bad guy" status to become a hero. Reddit user robynkendal uploaded early images of the street on Saturday. The pictures show basic street elements such as pigeons, trees, taxi cabs and dogs, arranged as life-sized pixelated objects. One shows a giant poster, with Ralph's mugshot, overlooking the street with the phrase "Loading In Cinemas."    SEE ALSO: Golden Globes Recap: Best Moments and Winners
 Disney tweeted out a link on Monday to a virtual tour of the whole set-up: Did you catch #8BitLane at The Old Truman Brewery in London over the weekend? If not take the virtual tour here 8bitlane.co.uk — Disney Movies UK (@DisneyMoviesUK) January 14, 2013 Reception of 8-Bit was positive across Twitter, with many fans referring to the street as a "stroll through a video game": All we've ever wanted was to live in a video game, and now we (kinda) can thanks to #8bitlane ow.ly/gO9hX — Ian Chant (@ianchant) January 14, 2013 Really wish I lived in London so I could see this - 'From Brick Lane to #8bitlane prexamples.com/2013/01/8bitla…' — Ben Frith (@lookitsben) January 14, 2013 Cute pixelated dog at Wreck-It Ralph's #8bitlane @disneymoviesuk twitter.com/totalfilm/stat… — Total Film (@totalfilm) January 11, 2013 Wreck-It Ralph was nominated for a Golden Globe and an Academy Award, both under the category Best Animated Feature Film. It lost to Brave at the Golden Globes on Sunday; the Oscars air Feb. 24. The film was released in the U.S. on Nov. 2, 2012. It stars John C. Reilly, Jack McBrayer, Sarah Silverman and Jane Lynch.  Flip through the original Reddit gallery here.  What are the most creative marketing campaigns you've seen? Or, better yet, did you see 8-Bit Lane in person? Tell us what you think about it below.   Image courtesy of Reddit, robynkendalWatch your step, man. You almost walked in (pixelated) dog poop.  In promotion for its newest animated film, Wreck-It Ralph, Disney transformed London's Brick Lane over the weekend into a pixel-themed street display called 8-Bit Lane.  The film, which is scheduled for release in the United Kingdom on Feb. 8, is about an arcade video game villain, Ralph, who rebels against his "bad guy" status to become a hero. Reddit user robynkendal uploaded early images of the street on Saturday. The pictures show basic street elements such as pigeons, trees, taxi cabs and dogs, arranged as life-sized pixelated objects. One shows a giant poster, with Ralph's mugshot, overlooking the street with the phrase "Loading In Cinemas."    SEE ALSO: Golden Globes Recap: Best Moments and Winners
 Disney tweeted out a link on Monday to a virtual tour of the whole set-up: Did you catch #8BitLane at The Old Truman Brewery in London over the weekend? If not take the virtual tour here 8bitlane.co.uk — Disney Movies UK (@DisneyMoviesUK) January 14, 2013 Reception of 8-Bit was positive across Twitter, with many fans referring to the street as a "stroll through a video game": All we've ever wanted was to live in a video game, and now we (kinda) can thanks to #8bitlane ow.ly/gO9hX — Ian Chant (@ianchant) January 14, 2013 Really wish I lived in London so I could see this - 'From Brick Lane to #8bitlane prexamples.com/2013/01/8bitla…' — Ben Frith (@lookitsben) January 14, 2013 Cute pixelated dog at Wreck-It Ralph's #8bitlane @disneymoviesuk twitter.com/totalfilm/stat… — Total Film (@totalfilm) January 11, 2013 Wreck-It Ralph was nominated for a Golden Globe and an Academy Award, both under the category Best Animated Feature Film. It lost to Brave at the Golden Globes on Sunday; the Oscars air Feb. 24. The film was released in the U.S. on Nov. 2, 2012. It stars John C. Reilly, Jack McBrayer, Sarah Silverman and Jane Lynch.  Flip through the original Reddit gallery here.  What are the most creative marketing campaigns you've seen? Or, better yet, did you see 8-Bit Lane in person? Tell us what you think about it below.   Image courtesy of Reddit, robynkendal