 Retro rock gets a contemporary update on Untamed Beast, the forthcoming album from Portland, Ore. quartet Sallie Ford & The Sound Outside. Today Mashable is pleased to offer "Party Kids" as a stream and free download. The song will be accompanied by a video in the coming weeks, which the band is teasing via its Cinemagram account.  Created with cinemagr.am  Created with cinemagr.am Ford and her band have been a favorite of ours since 2011, when they released their debut, Dirty Radio.  We caught up briefly with the band over email in advance of the new album. Mashable: How did you guys get so into Cinemagram? Ford: We have always enjoyed those GIFs online where you are limited to your use of video data. Art is something that thrives on limitations so only having 3 or 4 seconds of video is great and simple. We enjoy using it and it is exciting to see possibilities everywhere. You've suggested that your generation needs more freedom and honesty. Is the Internet helping or hurting that cause? How so? The ease and functionality of today's smartphones make it so apparent for you and your friends to see what you had for breakfast or what you did for the holidays or how drunk you were last Friday, which can all be quite fascinating and true. But it is sort of hard to say what is honest because you could have 90% of the Cinemagrams be of Jeff [Munger, the band's guitarist] eating fried chicken, so everyone thinks he eats a ton of fried chicken, but really it is a much smaller percentage in daily life. As time goes on people are splitting the difference between really being honest with themselves and how they would like to be perceived by their online reputation. Are there any artists or bands you particularly admire for their social media presence? Mac DeMarco's Facebook page is littered with great little footage from the road and online tidbits that are really endearing and fun to watch. Give us one prediction for an upcoming trend in digital music. We are definitely persuaded by convenience so I do see the quality in wireless transmission to stereos getting better. But we all listen to records at home and hopefully more people will believe in a pure signal path like record grooves to thick speaker wires and good speakers. Do you have any hopes or aspirations for the band or the album in 2013? We don't really have any expectations for the upcoming album, we just hope that people enjoy what we have made and come to the shows so they can dance and smile and make love so we can continue making art how we like to. Image courtesy Shore Fire Media Retro rock gets a contemporary update on Untamed Beast, the forthcoming album from Portland, Ore. quartet Sallie Ford & The Sound Outside. Today Mashable is pleased to offer "Party Kids" as a stream and free download. The song will be accompanied by a video in the coming weeks, which the band is teasing via its Cinemagram account.  Created with cinemagr.am  Created with cinemagr.am Ford and her band have been a favorite of ours since 2011, when they released their debut, Dirty Radio.  We caught up briefly with the band over email in advance of the new album. Mashable: How did you guys get so into Cinemagram? Ford: We have always enjoyed those GIFs online where you are limited to your use of video data. Art is something that thrives on limitations so only having 3 or 4 seconds of video is great and simple. We enjoy using it and it is exciting to see possibilities everywhere. You've suggested that your generation needs more freedom and honesty. Is the Internet helping or hurting that cause? How so? The ease and functionality of today's smartphones make it so apparent for you and your friends to see what you had for breakfast or what you did for the holidays or how drunk you were last Friday, which can all be quite fascinating and true. But it is sort of hard to say what is honest because you could have 90% of the Cinemagrams be of Jeff [Munger, the band's guitarist] eating fried chicken, so everyone thinks he eats a ton of fried chicken, but really it is a much smaller percentage in daily life. As time goes on people are splitting the difference between really being honest with themselves and how they would like to be perceived by their online reputation. Are there any artists or bands you particularly admire for their social media presence? Mac DeMarco's Facebook page is littered with great little footage from the road and online tidbits that are really endearing and fun to watch. Give us one prediction for an upcoming trend in digital music. We are definitely persuaded by convenience so I do see the quality in wireless transmission to stereos getting better. But we all listen to records at home and hopefully more people will believe in a pure signal path like record grooves to thick speaker wires and good speakers. Do you have any hopes or aspirations for the band or the album in 2013? We don't really have any expectations for the upcoming album, we just hope that people enjoy what we have made and come to the shows so they can dance and smile and make love so we can continue making art how we like to. Image courtesy Shore Fire Media