Mashable's mission is to inform the connected generation; but we can help you put that knowledge to work, too. Since 2005, Mashable has been committed to bringing the top digital, social and tech news and resources to our readers. Over time, we've built a readership of 20 million people who are well versed in digital trends, social media and all the hottest technologies. So when the world's best companies are looking to fill open positions, they post them on the Mashable Job Board. New jobs are added every day, and many positions are exclusive — employers know that if they're going to find the right person for the job, they're going to find them reading Mashable. Below, we've rounded up five recently posted jobs; check the Mashable Job Board daily for more open positions, and be sure to read our Job Search Series for tips on how to land your dream job. Position: Software Engineer - Data InfrastructureCompany: YelpLocation: San Francisco, CA "Yelp's Search & Data Mining, Ads, and Spam Prevention teams run services that respond to hundreds of requests every second. Each and every query must be lightning fast, 24/7/365. This means our infrastructure needs to be both speedy and reliable. It also needs to make efficient use of resources and be easy to use for relevance/machine learning developers to modify and improve." "Your core responsibility will be helping to define and build that long-term vision of a fast, reliable, efficient, and ductile search infrastructure. So get your infra mojo on and join us!" Position: Digital Marketing Manager (Freelance, Part-Time)Company: Harlem GlobetrottersLocation: Phoenix, AZ "The Harlem Globetrotters are the best-loved name in family sports entertainment with broad appeal, a rich heritage and highly engaged fan base. We are a commercially successful, privately-held business. Digital marketing is critical to our success. A core member of the brand marketing team, our freelance part-time marketing manager will help The Globetrotters achieve our digital traffic and social engagement goals. It reports directly to the Director, Internet Marketing. The group also comprises EVP Brand Marketing and Manager, Digital Marketing." Position: Senior Product Manager, Web ProductsCompany: Consumer ReportsLocation: Yonkers, NY "Do you have a passion for designing and delivering great products that consumers love? Would you like to do so at one of the most respected brands in the world, in an environment where the only accountability is to that consumer, and not to an advertising partner?" "If you are a highly experienced, customer-driven digital product manager who is ready to make a very large impact, read on. Consumer Reports is in the midst of a significant investment in its digital business and were looking for people who have deep experience shipping real product for major consumer-focused brands to take our digital offerings not just to a new level, but into entirely new spaces." Position: Managing EditorCompany: The OnionLocation: Chicago, IL "Onion Inc. is an American multimedia news organization. It features satirical articles and reporting on international, national, and local news as well as an entertainment newspaper and website known as A.V. Club." "The Onion's articles comment on current events, both real and imagined. It parodies traditional newspaper and media features, such as editorials, man-on-the-street interviews, and stock quotes, as well as traditional newspaper layout and AP-style editorial voice. Much of its humor depends on presenting everyday events as newsworthy items, and by playing on commonly used phrases, as in the headline, "Drugs Win Drug War." "The Onion is looking for a highly organized managerial leader in Chicago. We need someone who's optimistic, flexible and cool under pressure to manage our fast-paced operation, juggle multiple projects across diverse platforms (video, print, online, social media, and stage), oversee staff (both full-time and freelance), develop product schedules, and harness the immense potential of our highly creative team. This person will work closely with our Editor to keep things running smoothly under intense deadlines while maintaining our company's singular creative vision." Position: Social Media Community Manager - Talent AccountCompany: Maker StudiosLocation: Los Angeles, CA "Maker Studios is a next-generation media company and is home to many of online videos top digital stars and content including the all-time most-subscribed personality Ray William Johnson, KassemG, The Game Station, Nice Peters Epic Rap Battles of History, the Shaytards and celebrity actress/comedian Lisa Nova, among others. Maker has over one billion views online per month with over 800 channels with 80 million subscribers, and more than 400 original videos produced per month. Maker Studios is the only network to offer partners development, production, promotion, distribution, sales, and marketing services. Maker Studios is headquartered in Los Angeles, Calif. To learn more, visit www.makerstudios.com and follow us on Twitter and Facebook." "The Social Media Community Manager should have a passion for the internet and social media, and be curious about new trends and fan interaction. Candidates MUST have previous experience in social media and working with large talent social accounts." Check out these and other jobs on Mashable's Job Board. New positions are added every day, ranging from entry-level to C-suite positions. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, hidesy Mashable's mission is to inform the connected generation; but we can help you put that knowledge to work, too. Since 2005, Mashable has been committed to bringing the top digital, social and tech news and resources to our readers. Over time, we've built a readership of 20 million people who are well versed in digital trends, social media and all the hottest technologies. So when the world's best companies are looking to fill open positions, they post them on the Mashable Job Board. New jobs are added every day, and many positions are exclusive — employers know that if they're going to find the right person for the job, they're going to find them reading Mashable. Below, we've rounded up five recently posted jobs; check the Mashable Job Board daily for more open positions, and be sure to read our Job Search Series for tips on how to land your dream job. Position: Software Engineer - Data InfrastructureCompany: YelpLocation: San Francisco, CA "Yelp's Search & Data Mining, Ads, and Spam Prevention teams run services that respond to hundreds of requests every second. Each and every query must be lightning fast, 24/7/365. This means our infrastructure needs to be both speedy and reliable. It also needs to make efficient use of resources and be easy to use for relevance/machine learning developers to modify and improve." "Your core responsibility will be helping to define and build that long-term vision of a fast, reliable, efficient, and ductile search infrastructure. So get your infra mojo on and join us!" Position: Digital Marketing Manager (Freelance, Part-Time)Company: Harlem GlobetrottersLocation: Phoenix, AZ "The Harlem Globetrotters are the best-loved name in family sports entertainment with broad appeal, a rich heritage and highly engaged fan base. We are a commercially successful, privately-held business. Digital marketing is critical to our success. A core member of the brand marketing team, our freelance part-time marketing manager will help The Globetrotters achieve our digital traffic and social engagement goals. It reports directly to the Director, Internet Marketing. The group also comprises EVP Brand Marketing and Manager, Digital Marketing." Position: Senior Product Manager, Web ProductsCompany: Consumer ReportsLocation: Yonkers, NY "Do you have a passion for designing and delivering great products that consumers love? Would you like to do so at one of the most respected brands in the world, in an environment where the only accountability is to that consumer, and not to an advertising partner?" "If you are a highly experienced, customer-driven digital product manager who is ready to make a very large impact, read on. Consumer Reports is in the midst of a significant investment in its digital business and were looking for people who have deep experience shipping real product for major consumer-focused brands to take our digital offerings not just to a new level, but into entirely new spaces." Position: Managing EditorCompany: The OnionLocation: Chicago, IL "Onion Inc. is an American multimedia news organization. It features satirical articles and reporting on international, national, and local news as well as an entertainment newspaper and website known as A.V. Club." "The Onion's articles comment on current events, both real and imagined. It parodies traditional newspaper and media features, such as editorials, man-on-the-street interviews, and stock quotes, as well as traditional newspaper layout and AP-style editorial voice. Much of its humor depends on presenting everyday events as newsworthy items, and by playing on commonly used phrases, as in the headline, "Drugs Win Drug War." "The Onion is looking for a highly organized managerial leader in Chicago. We need someone who's optimistic, flexible and cool under pressure to manage our fast-paced operation, juggle multiple projects across diverse platforms (video, print, online, social media, and stage), oversee staff (both full-time and freelance), develop product schedules, and harness the immense potential of our highly creative team. This person will work closely with our Editor to keep things running smoothly under intense deadlines while maintaining our company's singular creative vision." Position: Social Media Community Manager - Talent AccountCompany: Maker StudiosLocation: Los Angeles, CA "Maker Studios is a next-generation media company and is home to many of online videos top digital stars and content including the all-time most-subscribed personality Ray William Johnson, KassemG, The Game Station, Nice Peters Epic Rap Battles of History, the Shaytards and celebrity actress/comedian Lisa Nova, among others. Maker has over one billion views online per month with over 800 channels with 80 million subscribers, and more than 400 original videos produced per month. Maker Studios is the only network to offer partners development, production, promotion, distribution, sales, and marketing services. Maker Studios is headquartered in Los Angeles, Calif. To learn more, visit www.makerstudios.com and follow us on Twitter and Facebook." "The Social Media Community Manager should have a passion for the internet and social media, and be curious about new trends and fan interaction. Candidates MUST have previous experience in social media and working with large talent social accounts." Check out these and other jobs on Mashable's Job Board. New positions are added every day, ranging from entry-level to C-suite positions. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, hidesy 