After teasing a musical comeback several days ago, singer Justin Timberlake unleashed a new song featuring Jay-Z on Sunday night.  "Suit and Tie," which is now available on iTunes, marks Timberlake's first song as a lead artist since 2006's FutureSex/LoveSounds. He was featured on Madonna's "4 Minutes" in 2008.  "Suit and Tie" is the lead single from The 20/20 Experience, an album title he also revealed Sunday in an open letter to fans (see below). He says the album will come out this year. SEE ALSO: Listen to the World Premiere of Destiny's Child's 'Nuclear'
 Timberlake produced his latest track with Timbaland and J-ROC. They also co-wrote the song with Jay-Z and James Flauntleroy. Timberlake tweeted to announce "Suit and Tie." The announcement includes a link that leads his 15.4 million followers to Countdown.JustinTimberlake.com, a website he teased Jan. 10. Can't wait. Too stoked! #SuitAndTie #JT2013 tmbr.lk/suitandtie — Justin Timberlake(@jtimberlake) January 14, 2013 Listen to the new song here or in the link within the tweet.  The website now includes this open letter from Timberlake to his fans: I hope this gets to you the right way. It's the only way I know to do it. Some people may criticize me for the last 3 days. But it was fun, right?? Right?!?! Besides, I'd rather speak directly to all of you. And, who can knock me for having a little bit of fun with it? Well... No more teasing. Although, it was A LOT of fun. (Did I mention that I'm having fun with this?? Ha!) *Makes a serious face* This year is an exciting one for me. As you probably have heard through the "grapevine," I'm gearing up for a big 2013. Back in June of last year, I quietly started working on what is now, my next journey with that thing I love called MUSIC. The inspiration for this really came out of the blue and to be honest, I didn't expect anything out of it. I just went into the studio and started playing around with some sounds and songs. It was probably the best time I've had in my career... Just creating with no rules and/or end goal in mind and really enjoying the process. What I came up with is something I couldn't be more excited about! It is full of inspiration that I grew up listening to and some newfound muses that I've discovered along the way. I'm calling it "The 20/20 Experience," and it's coming out this year. I hope you enjoy listening to it as much as I enjoyed making it. That's all I'm giving you for now... I know, I know! Again, with the teasing!!! Get ready. This is going to be fun (well, at least it is for me).After teasing a musical comeback several days ago, singer Justin Timberlake unleashed a new song featuring Jay-Z on Sunday night.  "Suit and Tie," which is now available on iTunes, marks Timberlake's first song as a lead artist since 2006's FutureSex/LoveSounds. He was featured on Madonna's "4 Minutes" in 2008.  "Suit and Tie" is the lead single from The 20/20 Experience, an album title he also revealed Sunday in an open letter to fans (see below). He says the album will come out this year. SEE ALSO: Listen to the World Premiere of Destiny's Child's 'Nuclear'
 Timberlake produced his latest track with Timbaland and J-ROC. They also co-wrote the song with Jay-Z and James Flauntleroy. Timberlake tweeted to announce "Suit and Tie." The announcement includes a link that leads his 15.4 million followers to Countdown.JustinTimberlake.com, a website he teased Jan. 10. Can't wait. Too stoked! #SuitAndTie #JT2013 tmbr.lk/suitandtie — Justin Timberlake(@jtimberlake) January 14, 2013 Listen to the new song here or in the link within the tweet.  The website now includes this open letter from Timberlake to his fans: I hope this gets to you the right way. It's the only way I know to do it. Some people may criticize me for the last 3 days. But it was fun, right?? Right?!?! Besides, I'd rather speak directly to all of you. And, who can knock me for having a little bit of fun with it? Well... No more teasing. Although, it was A LOT of fun. (Did I mention that I'm having fun with this?? Ha!) *Makes a serious face* This year is an exciting one for me. As you probably have heard through the "grapevine," I'm gearing up for a big 2013. Back in June of last year, I quietly started working on what is now, my next journey with that thing I love called MUSIC. The inspiration for this really came out of the blue and to be honest, I didn't expect anything out of it. I just went into the studio and started playing around with some sounds and songs. It was probably the best time I've had in my career... Just creating with no rules and/or end goal in mind and really enjoying the process. What I came up with is something I couldn't be more excited about! It is full of inspiration that I grew up listening to and some newfound muses that I've discovered along the way. I'm calling it "The 20/20 Experience," and it's coming out this year. I hope you enjoy listening to it as much as I enjoyed making it. That's all I'm giving you for now... I know, I know! Again, with the teasing!!! Get ready. This is going to be fun (well, at least it is for me).