Looking for an easy way to watch President Barack Obama's ceremonial swearing-in on Jan. 21? How about your smartphone? All you have to do is download the official Inaugural 2013 app, released Monday morning for iPhone and Android devices. Among its features is a livestream that will go live on Jan. 21 with footage of the ceremony.  Users can also elect to sign up for mobile notifications of Inauguration news so they don't miss out on any of the live-streamed content.  The app, which is easy to use and works smoothly on an iPhone 5 we used for testing purposes, has a handful of other features as well. Those who want to participate in the Inaugural Committee's National Day of Service on Jan. 19 can use the app to find volunteer events in their neighborhood. If you're among those headed to Washington, D.C. for the inauguration or related events, the app has a nifty map feature, clearly showing the National Mall and demarcating off-limits areas.   The app, produced by AT&T, is available for free download in the App Store and Google Play. Are you planning on using it to watch Obama's ceremonial swearing-in? Share in the comments. The President jumps into the waves during his annual family Christmas vacation to Hawaii.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President hugs Rep. Gabrielle Giffords as he walks onto the House Chamber floor at the U.S. Capitol to deliver his annual State of the Union address. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza According to photographer, Pete Souza, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accidentally dropped all of her briefing papers onto the Oval Office rug. The three of them joked about Souza capturing it to embarass her. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza B.B. King convinces the President to join him in singing 'Sweet Home Chicago' during a concert at the White House. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President walks into the White House from the South Lawn after arriving home on the Marine One helicopter. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Jimmy Fallon and producers prep Obama for his appearance on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon. The President laughs after a briefing on the "Slow Jam the News" segment. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Obama visits wounded warriors in the intensive care unit at Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan.  Sgt. Chase Haag, shown, had just received a Purple Heart after an improvised explosive device injured him hours before. Photographer Souza says Sgt. Haag was "seemingly unconscious, or perhaps just asleep." The President quietly whispered in his ear and Sgt. Haag reached out to shake hands. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President talks with Don Cheadle, Tobey Maguire, and George Clooney, among others. The group had just finished playing basketball in Los Angeles. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President throws a football at Soldier Field following the NATO working dinner in his home turf, Chicago.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The First Lady watches with her husband as Laura Jarrett and Tony Balkissoon take their wedding vows in Chicago. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The day that the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on the Affordable Health Care Act, Obama had just seen the inaccurate reports on the television.  White House Counsel, Kathy Ruemmler had just told the President that the Court indeed upheld the Act and the TV reports were wrong. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza After devastating wildfires tore through Colorado Springs, Colo., Obama and elected officials joined firefighters to observe the damage.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Despite rain at a campaign event in Glen Allen, Va, the President delivered his speech.  Obama was supposed to do a series of press interviews inside before his speech, but gave remarks as soon as he arrived onsite since people had been waiting for hours in the rain.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Stephanie Davies, shown hugging Obama, helped keep her friend, Allie Young, left, stay alive after she was shot at the movie theater in Aurora, Colo.  The President visited patients and family members affected by the shootings at the University of Colorado Hospital, then later told their story in a news conference.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza During the RNC, Obama's team responded to Clint Eastwood's chair stunt with this photo of the President during a meeting in the Cabinet Room. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza "Overcome with emotion, eight-year old Make-A-Wish child Janiya Penny reacts just after meeting the President as he welcomes her family to the Oval Office."  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza This moment was shared after Obama's win on election day, however it was actually taken in August, after Michelle had introduced her husband at a campaign event in Davenport, Iowa. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President watched backstage at the Democratic National Convention, as former President Bill Clinton delivers his nomination speech. Obama surprised the crowd with an onstage appearance together after the speech.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President grasps Secretary of State Hilary Clinton's hand after his remarks during the ceremony for the U.S. return of the remains of J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Ambassador to Libya; Sean Smith, Information Management Officer; and Security Personnel Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, who were killed in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Spider-Man's web "traps" Obama as he greets Nicholas Tamarin, 3, who had been trick-or-treating for an early Halloween with his father, White House aide Nate Tamarin.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The Obama and Biden families on stage, following the President's election night remarks at McCormick Place in Chicago. Photo courtesy of the White House, David Linemann During a rescheduled visit with the U.S. Olympics gymnastics team, the President suggests to McKayla Maroney that they recreate her "not impressed" photograph.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg shares a map with the President during an aerial tour to view damage from Hurricane Sandy in Breezy Point, the Rockaways and Staten Island in NYC.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President bids farewell to the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney. After a long election season, both candidates came together one last time for lunch.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Two days after the shootings at Newtown, Conn. Obama traveled to meet with the victims' families and give remarks at a prayer vigil.  Here, he poses with the siblings and cousins of Emilie Parker, one of the 20 children who died. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Photo courtesy of Flickr, Pete Souza/The White HouseLooking for an easy way to watch President Barack Obama's ceremonial swearing-in on Jan. 21? How about your smartphone? All you have to do is download the official Inaugural 2013 app, released Monday morning for iPhone and Android devices. Among its features is a livestream that will go live on Jan. 21 with footage of the ceremony.  Users can also elect to sign up for mobile notifications of Inauguration news so they don't miss out on any of the live-streamed content.  The app, which is easy to use and works smoothly on an iPhone 5 we used for testing purposes, has a handful of other features as well. Those who want to participate in the Inaugural Committee's National Day of Service on Jan. 19 can use the app to find volunteer events in their neighborhood. If you're among those headed to Washington, D.C. for the inauguration or related events, the app has a nifty map feature, clearly showing the National Mall and demarcating off-limits areas.   The app, produced by AT&T, is available for free download in the App Store and Google Play. Are you planning on using it to watch Obama's ceremonial swearing-in? Share in the comments. The President jumps into the waves during his annual family Christmas vacation to Hawaii.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President hugs Rep. Gabrielle Giffords as he walks onto the House Chamber floor at the U.S. Capitol to deliver his annual State of the Union address. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza According to photographer, Pete Souza, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accidentally dropped all of her briefing papers onto the Oval Office rug. The three of them joked about Souza capturing it to embarass her. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza B.B. King convinces the President to join him in singing 'Sweet Home Chicago' during a concert at the White House. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President walks into the White House from the South Lawn after arriving home on the Marine One helicopter. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Jimmy Fallon and producers prep Obama for his appearance on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon. The President laughs after a briefing on the "Slow Jam the News" segment. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Obama visits wounded warriors in the intensive care unit at Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan.  Sgt. Chase Haag, shown, had just received a Purple Heart after an improvised explosive device injured him hours before. Photographer Souza says Sgt. Haag was "seemingly unconscious, or perhaps just asleep." The President quietly whispered in his ear and Sgt. Haag reached out to shake hands. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President talks with Don Cheadle, Tobey Maguire, and George Clooney, among others. The group had just finished playing basketball in Los Angeles. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President throws a football at Soldier Field following the NATO working dinner in his home turf, Chicago.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The First Lady watches with her husband as Laura Jarrett and Tony Balkissoon take their wedding vows in Chicago. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The day that the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on the Affordable Health Care Act, Obama had just seen the inaccurate reports on the television.  White House Counsel, Kathy Ruemmler had just told the President that the Court indeed upheld the Act and the TV reports were wrong. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza After devastating wildfires tore through Colorado Springs, Colo., Obama and elected officials joined firefighters to observe the damage.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Despite rain at a campaign event in Glen Allen, Va, the President delivered his speech.  Obama was supposed to do a series of press interviews inside before his speech, but gave remarks as soon as he arrived onsite since people had been waiting for hours in the rain.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Stephanie Davies, shown hugging Obama, helped keep her friend, Allie Young, left, stay alive after she was shot at the movie theater in Aurora, Colo.  The President visited patients and family members affected by the shootings at the University of Colorado Hospital, then later told their story in a news conference.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza During the RNC, Obama's team responded to Clint Eastwood's chair stunt with this photo of the President during a meeting in the Cabinet Room. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza "Overcome with emotion, eight-year old Make-A-Wish child Janiya Penny reacts just after meeting the President as he welcomes her family to the Oval Office."  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza This moment was shared after Obama's win on election day, however it was actually taken in August, after Michelle had introduced her husband at a campaign event in Davenport, Iowa. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President watched backstage at the Democratic National Convention, as former President Bill Clinton delivers his nomination speech. Obama surprised the crowd with an onstage appearance together after the speech.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President grasps Secretary of State Hilary Clinton's hand after his remarks during the ceremony for the U.S. return of the remains of J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Ambassador to Libya; Sean Smith, Information Management Officer; and Security Personnel Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, who were killed in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Spider-Man's web "traps" Obama as he greets Nicholas Tamarin, 3, who had been trick-or-treating for an early Halloween with his father, White House aide Nate Tamarin.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The Obama and Biden families on stage, following the President's election night remarks at McCormick Place in Chicago. Photo courtesy of the White House, David Linemann During a rescheduled visit with the U.S. Olympics gymnastics team, the President suggests to McKayla Maroney that they recreate her "not impressed" photograph.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg shares a map with the President during an aerial tour to view damage from Hurricane Sandy in Breezy Point, the Rockaways and Staten Island in NYC.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza The President bids farewell to the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, Mitt Romney. After a long election season, both candidates came together one last time for lunch.  Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Two days after the shootings at Newtown, Conn. Obama traveled to meet with the victims' families and give remarks at a prayer vigil.  Here, he poses with the siblings and cousins of Emilie Parker, one of the 20 children who died. Photo courtesy of the White House, Pete Souza Photo courtesy of Flickr, Pete Souza/The White House