The Skittles social-media team tasted the rainbow, and then threw it up all over Twitter and Facebook.  Whether social-media gurus of the web world label the effort brilliant or bizarre, it's hard to deny that the candy company keeps 140 characters (or less) quite entertaining.   Skittles' Twitter feed includes a lot of references to animals — both real and mythical — as well as musings that might sound familiar to anyone who has spent a lot time with — cough, cough — Doobie Howser, WD.  What do you think of Skittles' social-media strategy? Finish noshing on the rainbow, then share in the comments. 1.  Platypuses: the werewolves of the duck world. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 26, 2012 2. It’s all fun and games until the chinchillas show up with the karaoke machine. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 9, 2012 3. Rainbows are mustaches for the sky. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 21, 2012 4. Marshmallows don’t dissolve. They just use hot cocoa as a form of teleportation to their homeworld. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 16, 2012 5. Every time you RT this, a turtle learns kung-fu. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 28, 2012 6. The worst-case scenario is that the dinosaur eats the manual to your time machine and you don’t even get a picture of it. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 14, 2012 7. Snails would win every moonwalking competition if they could learn to go backwards. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 10, 2012 8. Volcanoes should try writing poetry to channel some of their energy in a more positive way. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 12, 2013 9. I love taking my goldfish out for a swim, but he hates wearing his leash. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 5, 2013 10. I need exactly 5 badgers right now: 1 that can sew, 1 that can fix a jet engine, 1 that can dance, and 2 to arm wrestle. #Illexplainlater — Skittles (@Skittles) December 29, 2012 11. The only penpals you should trust are pens. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 3, 2013 12. In space, no one can tell you to sit in the corner. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 15, 2012 13. Hey, don’t hate the hamster, hate the no-holds-barred hamster thumb-wrestling tournament. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 8, 2012 14. Dragons do wear glasses. They just don’t wear them while they’re pillaging. #embarrassing — Skittles (@Skittles) November 18, 2012 15. Mirrors have a hard time finding places to take phone pictures of themselves. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 21, 2012 16. Wishes used to be fishes, but genies got tired of carrying around aquariums. — Skittles (@Skittles) September 22, 2012 17. Just built a dolphin door in my submarine so Squeaky can go in and out without scratching at the door. — Skittles (@Skittles) September 1, 2012 18. Dragons love to get tattoos of weird people on their backs. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 30, 2012 19. Umbrellas would like to know when it’s their turn to take shelter under you. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 23, 2012 20. It’s the holiday season. What do you get for the hedgehog who has everything? — Skittles (@Skittles) December 12, 2012 [H/T Redditor aelrah] BONUS: 25 Twitter Accounts to Make You Laugh
 Josh Gondelman is an expert when it comes to wit. More often than not, his tweets will leave you wondering why you never thought of that — or at least, how he did. Better known as @FilthyRichmond, Plums' tweets are sarcastic, often raunchy and usually contain a slight southern tinge.  The Richmond-based comedian is consistently funny, tweeting about current events, politics, pop culture and motherhood. Copywriter Bobby Finger is king of hilarious pop culture commentary and GIF-making. He consistently finds the funniest things on the Internet.  His Tumblr is just as enjoyable as his Twitter stream. Mindy Kaling is quite the talker on Twitter. She flirtaciously tweets hilarious quips to friends, just like the characters she plays on film and TV. HelloGiggles co-founder Sophia Rossi takes stereotypical girl thoughts to a new level.  Rossi tweets about fashion, froyo and celebrity gossip in a way that makes you feel like you're at a sleepover party.  If everyone's talking about something on Twitter, Folgelnest will add his own hysterical thoughts to the conversation.  While keeping up with current events and maintaining the Tumblr LOL tag,  Fogelnest stays busy fake retweeting celebrities and brands.  Comedian Chelsea Peretti is a self-proclaimed "one of the greats."  When she's not uploading bored, backstage Instagram pictures before stand-up gigs (often opening for Aziz Ansardi), she's tweeting hilarious thoughts about the day-to-day.  If there was a spambot equivalent to the kind of crazy that Clint Eastwood portrays, it'd probably look something like @dril.  His tweets are dark, confusing and maniacal, yet there's something hilarious about them. Sometimes people tweet things so odd you wonder how they even thought of them in the first place.  Enter a mischeivious baby wolf puppy. The account tweets illustrations and queries about who really let the dogs out.  The account will leave you howling, but this puppy's tweets are protected, so request access first.  Anyone with the Twitter handle @fart has a lot to live up to. Hendren has a huge social influence — he trolled Pitbull into getting sent to a Walmart in Alaska, with the help of his friend and Something Awful colleague David Thorpe.  Both users will leave you laughing, or simply asking "Why?" — or both. Micallef is known on the web for her amazing, rainbow-colored GIF artwork.  Her funny rants come in short bursts — she is fond of the exclamation point. The person behind @DadBoner — a fictional character named Karl Welzein who narrates his middle-aged chronicles one tweet at a time — was a mystery until College Humor flatly revealed it was comedian Mike Burns. Who would've guessed that The Dark Lord was so socially active?  @Lord_Voldemort7 tweets about current events and plays along with hashtag games, often in a way that incorporates Harry Potter culture. If you're a fan of substance abuse-induced comedy, like @DrunkHulk's, then you'll likely appreciate an "under the influence" version of Bill Nye.  Though the real Betty White is now on Twitter, her parody counterpart has been tweeting hilarious impersonations since 2010.  Imagine an angry, sarcastic, questionably intoxicated Batman tweeting rants about life in Gotham, Robin's impulsive crying and trending news.  Check out this hilarious parody account of the self-proclaimed "hero Twitter deserves, but not the one it needs." In Twitter comedy, Kelly Oxford is queen. The mother of three has found success in writing, which was fueled by her social presence. Her children, which she often quotes on Twitter, are also comedically brilliant. The luxury of comedy is being able to approach otherwise touchy subjects. The parody account of Helen Keller harmlessly tweets an exaggerated version of what she might have sounded like in the 21st century. Writer Siedell tweets his dry sense of humor in 140-character bursts under the account @badbanana. His deadpan comedy, which often reads like an overworked adman, is consistently funny.  His tweets have also been collected into a book. Uproxx writer Ashley Burns tweets ruthlessly about sports and pop culture. Basically, it's the kind of things most of us were thinking anyway, but he gets to them first. Between sports commentary and topical observations, Burns also shares the best Internet findings in blog, image, GIF or video form. Robin McCauley's observational tweets often have a quick, unexpected ends.  She exaggerates her sarcastic views on dieting, pest control and fashion in ways that are borderline true. Julie Klausner's goofy sense of humor has even won over corporate brands, such as Charmin and IAMS. When she's not campaigning to pet the Bush's Baked Beans dog and posing impromptu thoughts with the equally hilarious Billy Eichner, she's tweeting about basset hounds and her cat.  Better known as @IamEnidColeslaw, Charlene is unconventionally funny. She tweets a smorgasbord of unusual thoughts, sometimes in all caps, with just a tinge of feminism. Rob Delaney has become one of the most influential comedians on Twitter. His social reach has even tapped Mitt Romney's campaign.  Recently, he combined his power on Twitter with the self-distribution model of stand-up by delivering his comedy special directly to fans. Megan Amram's unconventional avatar is similar to her raunchy sense of humor. Her tweets are cleverly crafted and often pack quick bursts of unusually funny wordplay and puns. Image courtesy of Flickr, alex012The Skittles social-media team tasted the rainbow, and then threw it up all over Twitter and Facebook.  Whether social-media gurus of the web world label the effort brilliant or bizarre, it's hard to deny that the candy company keeps 140 characters (or less) quite entertaining.   Skittles' Twitter feed includes a lot of references to animals — both real and mythical — as well as musings that might sound familiar to anyone who has spent a lot time with — cough, cough — Doobie Howser, WD.  What do you think of Skittles' social-media strategy? Finish noshing on the rainbow, then share in the comments. 1.  Platypuses: the werewolves of the duck world. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 26, 2012 2. It’s all fun and games until the chinchillas show up with the karaoke machine. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 9, 2012 3. Rainbows are mustaches for the sky. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 21, 2012 4. Marshmallows don’t dissolve. They just use hot cocoa as a form of teleportation to their homeworld. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 16, 2012 5. Every time you RT this, a turtle learns kung-fu. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 28, 2012 6. The worst-case scenario is that the dinosaur eats the manual to your time machine and you don’t even get a picture of it. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 14, 2012 7. Snails would win every moonwalking competition if they could learn to go backwards. — Skittles (@Skittles) October 10, 2012 8. Volcanoes should try writing poetry to channel some of their energy in a more positive way. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 12, 2013 9. I love taking my goldfish out for a swim, but he hates wearing his leash. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 5, 2013 10. I need exactly 5 badgers right now: 1 that can sew, 1 that can fix a jet engine, 1 that can dance, and 2 to arm wrestle. #Illexplainlater — Skittles (@Skittles) December 29, 2012 11. The only penpals you should trust are pens. — Skittles (@Skittles) January 3, 2013 12. In space, no one can tell you to sit in the corner. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 15, 2012 13. Hey, don’t hate the hamster, hate the no-holds-barred hamster thumb-wrestling tournament. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 8, 2012 14. Dragons do wear glasses. They just don’t wear them while they’re pillaging. #embarrassing — Skittles (@Skittles) November 18, 2012 15. Mirrors have a hard time finding places to take phone pictures of themselves. — Skittles (@Skittles) November 21, 2012 16. Wishes used to be fishes, but genies got tired of carrying around aquariums. — Skittles (@Skittles) September 22, 2012 17. Just built a dolphin door in my submarine so Squeaky can go in and out without scratching at the door. — Skittles (@Skittles) September 1, 2012 18. Dragons love to get tattoos of weird people on their backs. — Skittles (@Skittles) August 30, 2012 19. Umbrellas would like to know when it’s their turn to take shelter under you. — Skittles (@Skittles) December 23, 2012 20. It’s the holiday season. What do you get for the hedgehog who has everything? — Skittles (@Skittles) December 12, 2012 [H/T Redditor aelrah] BONUS: 25 Twitter Accounts to Make You Laugh
 Josh Gondelman is an expert when it comes to wit. More often than not, his tweets will leave you wondering why you never thought of that — or at least, how he did. Better known as @FilthyRichmond, Plums' tweets are sarcastic, often raunchy and usually contain a slight southern tinge.  The Richmond-based comedian is consistently funny, tweeting about current events, politics, pop culture and motherhood. Copywriter Bobby Finger is king of hilarious pop culture commentary and GIF-making. He consistently finds the funniest things on the Internet.  His Tumblr is just as enjoyable as his Twitter stream. Mindy Kaling is quite the talker on Twitter. She flirtaciously tweets hilarious quips to friends, just like the characters she plays on film and TV. HelloGiggles co-founder Sophia Rossi takes stereotypical girl thoughts to a new level.  Rossi tweets about fashion, froyo and celebrity gossip in a way that makes you feel like you're at a sleepover party.  If everyone's talking about something on Twitter, Folgelnest will add his own hysterical thoughts to the conversation.  While keeping up with current events and maintaining the Tumblr LOL tag,  Fogelnest stays busy fake retweeting celebrities and brands.  Comedian Chelsea Peretti is a self-proclaimed "one of the greats."  When she's not uploading bored, backstage Instagram pictures before stand-up gigs (often opening for Aziz Ansardi), she's tweeting hilarious thoughts about the day-to-day.  If there was a spambot equivalent to the kind of crazy that Clint Eastwood portrays, it'd probably look something like @dril.  His tweets are dark, confusing and maniacal, yet there's something hilarious about them. Sometimes people tweet things so odd you wonder how they even thought of them in the first place.  Enter a mischeivious baby wolf puppy. The account tweets illustrations and queries about who really let the dogs out.  The account will leave you howling, but this puppy's tweets are protected, so request access first.  Anyone with the Twitter handle @fart has a lot to live up to. Hendren has a huge social influence — he trolled Pitbull into getting sent to a Walmart in Alaska, with the help of his friend and Something Awful colleague David Thorpe.  Both users will leave you laughing, or simply asking "Why?" — or both. Micallef is known on the web for her amazing, rainbow-colored GIF artwork.  Her funny rants come in short bursts — she is fond of the exclamation point. The person behind @DadBoner — a fictional character named Karl Welzein who narrates his middle-aged chronicles one tweet at a time — was a mystery until College Humor flatly revealed it was comedian Mike Burns. Who would've guessed that The Dark Lord was so socially active?  @Lord_Voldemort7 tweets about current events and plays along with hashtag games, often in a way that incorporates Harry Potter culture. If you're a fan of substance abuse-induced comedy, like @DrunkHulk's, then you'll likely appreciate an "under the influence" version of Bill Nye.  Though the real Betty White is now on Twitter, her parody counterpart has been tweeting hilarious impersonations since 2010.  Imagine an angry, sarcastic, questionably intoxicated Batman tweeting rants about life in Gotham, Robin's impulsive crying and trending news.  Check out this hilarious parody account of the self-proclaimed "hero Twitter deserves, but not the one it needs." In Twitter comedy, Kelly Oxford is queen. The mother of three has found success in writing, which was fueled by her social presence. Her children, which she often quotes on Twitter, are also comedically brilliant. The luxury of comedy is being able to approach otherwise touchy subjects. The parody account of Helen Keller harmlessly tweets an exaggerated version of what she might have sounded like in the 21st century. Writer Siedell tweets his dry sense of humor in 140-character bursts under the account @badbanana. His deadpan comedy, which often reads like an overworked adman, is consistently funny.  His tweets have also been collected into a book. Uproxx writer Ashley Burns tweets ruthlessly about sports and pop culture. Basically, it's the kind of things most of us were thinking anyway, but he gets to them first. Between sports commentary and topical observations, Burns also shares the best Internet findings in blog, image, GIF or video form. Robin McCauley's observational tweets often have a quick, unexpected ends.  She exaggerates her sarcastic views on dieting, pest control and fashion in ways that are borderline true. Julie Klausner's goofy sense of humor has even won over corporate brands, such as Charmin and IAMS. When she's not campaigning to pet the Bush's Baked Beans dog and posing impromptu thoughts with the equally hilarious Billy Eichner, she's tweeting about basset hounds and her cat.  Better known as @IamEnidColeslaw, Charlene is unconventionally funny. She tweets a smorgasbord of unusual thoughts, sometimes in all caps, with just a tinge of feminism. Rob Delaney has become one of the most influential comedians on Twitter. His social reach has even tapped Mitt Romney's campaign.  Recently, he combined his power on Twitter with the self-distribution model of stand-up by delivering his comedy special directly to fans. Megan Amram's unconventional avatar is similar to her raunchy sense of humor. Her tweets are cleverly crafted and often pack quick bursts of unusually funny wordplay and puns. Image courtesy of Flickr, alex012