 Rise and shine, haters of Monday. If you need a pick-me-up, this 20-second video of a skiing trombonist might do the trick. The multitasker, California native Sean Pawling, plays "Ride of the Valkyries" down the mountains in Lake Tahoe. SEE ALSO: Watch the Scariest Skiing Lesson of All Time If you really can't get enough, part two of the video shows a little more of the stunt in action. Pawling glides down to the bottom of the mountain where onlookers are both confused and mildly impressed. BONUS: 10 Videos of People Getting Pwned by Winter You decide.  That's gonna leave a mark.  Ladies and gentlemen, the origin of Grumpy Cat.  NOPE. I think I broke my femur.  At least you're getting a basketball team again.  Unless you're wearing skates, ice always wins.  (See previous comment.) " -- I saw this in a movie once." Don't beat yourself up too much, man. The ice is always thinner on the other side.  All those fails were getting a little depressing. Let's end on an awesome note.  Footage taken from an icy hill in Vladivostok, Russia. Photo by Explosean Rise and shine, haters of Monday. If you need a pick-me-up, this 20-second video of a skiing trombonist might do the trick. The multitasker, California native Sean Pawling, plays "Ride of the Valkyries" down the mountains in Lake Tahoe. SEE ALSO: Watch the Scariest Skiing Lesson of All Time If you really can't get enough, part two of the video shows a little more of the stunt in action. Pawling glides down to the bottom of the mountain where onlookers are both confused and mildly impressed. BONUS: 10 Videos of People Getting Pwned by Winter You decide.  That's gonna leave a mark.  Ladies and gentlemen, the origin of Grumpy Cat.  NOPE. I think I broke my femur.  At least you're getting a basketball team again.  Unless you're wearing skates, ice always wins.  (See previous comment.) " -- I saw this in a movie once." Don't beat yourself up too much, man. The ice is always thinner on the other side.  All those fails were getting a little depressing. Let's end on an awesome note.  Footage taken from an icy hill in Vladivostok, Russia. Photo by Explosean