Call it "Tweet Your Own Adventure." The CBS procedural Hawaii 5-0 is set to make history Monday night — becoming the first TV show to have its ending determined by Twitter. In fact, it will be both the first and second show to try this trick.  The plot revolves around the murder of a teacher at O'ahu State University, for which there are three suspects — his boss, his assistant and a disgruntled student. Unlike with every other cop show in the history of television, the producers have laid out and filmed three possible endings.  The ending shown will be determined entirely by how many votes are received on Twitter for each character. And because the show is on twice — once at 10 p.m. on the East Coast, once at 10 p.m. on the West Coast — the outcomes could well be entirely different.  SEE ALSO: Dunder Mifflin Crowdsources Super Bowl Ad
 "I love that our dedicated and attentive fans will actually play a part in resolving our story," says Executive Producer Peter Lenkov. "I've always felt the most fun aspect of watching a mystery is trying to figure out whodunit." That isn't exactly what fans will be doing, however. The satisfaction of a good murder mystery is solving a puzzle using the clues the writer has carefully laid out for you. By necessity, this show will have to lay clues to all three suspects.  There's no inevitability about the outcome — it's like a crossword where the answers adapt to what you want them to be.  Twitter users will then be able to play God, rather than Sherlock Holmes, deciding which of three possible realities will come to pass. Justice, in this case, is altered retroactively.  No matter which choice the audience makes en masse, it gets to be right. Whomever is least likable gets the chop. You might call it a TV lynching.  Still, it will be interesting to see if the East Coast and West Coast opt for different murderers. (Somehow, we doubt it'll be the student.) All three endings will be available online after the show. How could other TV shows use Twitter? Share your ideas in the comments.  Image courtesy of CBSCall it "Tweet Your Own Adventure." The CBS procedural Hawaii 5-0 is set to make history Monday night — becoming the first TV show to have its ending determined by Twitter. In fact, it will be both the first and second show to try this trick.  The plot revolves around the murder of a teacher at O'ahu State University, for which there are three suspects — his boss, his assistant and a disgruntled student. Unlike with every other cop show in the history of television, the producers have laid out and filmed three possible endings.  The ending shown will be determined entirely by how many votes are received on Twitter for each character. And because the show is on twice — once at 10 p.m. on the East Coast, once at 10 p.m. on the West Coast — the outcomes could well be entirely different.  SEE ALSO: Dunder Mifflin Crowdsources Super Bowl Ad
 "I love that our dedicated and attentive fans will actually play a part in resolving our story," says Executive Producer Peter Lenkov. "I've always felt the most fun aspect of watching a mystery is trying to figure out whodunit." That isn't exactly what fans will be doing, however. The satisfaction of a good murder mystery is solving a puzzle using the clues the writer has carefully laid out for you. By necessity, this show will have to lay clues to all three suspects.  There's no inevitability about the outcome — it's like a crossword where the answers adapt to what you want them to be.  Twitter users will then be able to play God, rather than Sherlock Holmes, deciding which of three possible realities will come to pass. Justice, in this case, is altered retroactively.  No matter which choice the audience makes en masse, it gets to be right. Whomever is least likable gets the chop. You might call it a TV lynching.  Still, it will be interesting to see if the East Coast and West Coast opt for different murderers. (Somehow, we doubt it'll be the student.) All three endings will be available online after the show. How could other TV shows use Twitter? Share your ideas in the comments.  Image courtesy of CBS