Similar to how parents hide vegetables in grilled cheese sandwiches and pasta to get their kids to eat greens, finding a way to teach your kids to make healthy choices might take some creativity.  Dennis Ai, who developed a smartphone game for kids called JiveHealth, is one of 10 semifinalists in the End Childhood Obesity Innovation Challenge. In the game, players have to search for healthy foods in order to take their characters to the next level. So kids will learn about making smart food choices while immersed in a game.  The in-app game is the only tech-related semifinalist in the competition. The top three finalists will present their ideas at the Building a Healthier Future Summit in Washington, D.C., from March 6 to 8, 2013. First Lady Michelle Obama is likely to attend, along with more than 1,000 business, policy and health leaders, writes the blog BuiltInChicago.  SEE ALSO: Kids & Technology: The Developmental Health Debate  More than one third of children and adolescents in 2008 were considered overweight or obese, according to the CDC. Overweight or obese children are likely to grow up to be overweight and obese adults, making them susceptible to a slew of chronic conditions and ailments over their lifetime.  This isn't the first time a company has tried to get kids practicing healthy habits through games. DanceDance Revolution recently announced it would bring a version of its game to schools so an entire class could play. And at this year's CES we discovered a health monitor for kids — the Ibitz lets kids earn rewards for their activity.  Do your kids play any games that teach them about health or get them moving? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, mammamaart Similar to how parents hide vegetables in grilled cheese sandwiches and pasta to get their kids to eat greens, finding a way to teach your kids to make healthy choices might take some creativity.  Dennis Ai, who developed a smartphone game for kids called JiveHealth, is one of 10 semifinalists in the End Childhood Obesity Innovation Challenge. In the game, players have to search for healthy foods in order to take their characters to the next level. So kids will learn about making smart food choices while immersed in a game.  The in-app game is the only tech-related semifinalist in the competition. The top three finalists will present their ideas at the Building a Healthier Future Summit in Washington, D.C., from March 6 to 8, 2013. First Lady Michelle Obama is likely to attend, along with more than 1,000 business, policy and health leaders, writes the blog BuiltInChicago.  SEE ALSO: Kids & Technology: The Developmental Health Debate  More than one third of children and adolescents in 2008 were considered overweight or obese, according to the CDC. Overweight or obese children are likely to grow up to be overweight and obese adults, making them susceptible to a slew of chronic conditions and ailments over their lifetime.  This isn't the first time a company has tried to get kids practicing healthy habits through games. DanceDance Revolution recently announced it would bring a version of its game to schools so an entire class could play. And at this year's CES we discovered a health monitor for kids — the Ibitz lets kids earn rewards for their activity.  Do your kids play any games that teach them about health or get them moving? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, mammamaart 