 An anti-obesity ad rolled out this week from an unlikely source: Coca-Cola.  The soft drink giant unveiled a campaign that will take on what it's calling "the issue of this generation." The first ad in the campaign, the 2-minute spot above, notes that Coke can "play an important role" in the fight against obesity. The ad also points out that of its 650 beverages, Coca-Cola now offers 180 low- and no-calorie choices. In addition, the company has introduced smaller-portion drinks which Coke intends to have in 90% of the country by the end of the year. It's unclear whether another ad in the series will run during the Super Bowl. Coke has purchased three 30-second spots during the big game.  In a press release introducing the campaign, Coke cited several anti-obesity initiatives, including nutrition labeling, school beverage guidelines and Coca-Cola Troops for Fitness, which offers "military-style fitness classes like calisthenics, sit-ups, push-ups, pull-ups and other fitness and nutritional techniques to families in communities most in need of wellness services." The push comes after the Center For Science in the Public Interest has been a vocal critic of Coke, linking its soft drinks to obesity and diabetes. In November, that organization worked with Alex Bogusky, a former adman who created ads for Coke, on "Real Bears," which featured a polar bear family rejecting soda after they got obese and sick from drinking it.  Bogusky on Monday took to Twitter to criticize Coke's latest campaign:  Tagline contest! Science says Coke doesn't = happiness. nbcnews.to/XNrp9F So what's the new tag? "Coke: None of this shit is our fault." — Alex Bogusky (@bogusky) January 14, 2013 Meanwhile, the Michael Jacobson, executive director of the CSPI offered the following statement about the campaign on its Facebook Page: "They're trying to stem the tide of criticism by taking a page out of crisis control 101, which is to pretend like they're concerned about the issue. If they were serious, they would stop advertising full-calorie drinks, charge less for lower calorie options, and stop fighting the soda tax. They're just running feel-good ads aimed at neutralizing criticism." What do you think of Coke's new campaign? Let us know in the comments. Image courtesy of YouTube, Coca-Cola An anti-obesity ad rolled out this week from an unlikely source: Coca-Cola.  The soft drink giant unveiled a campaign that will take on what it's calling "the issue of this generation." The first ad in the campaign, the 2-minute spot above, notes that Coke can "play an important role" in the fight against obesity. The ad also points out that of its 650 beverages, Coca-Cola now offers 180 low- and no-calorie choices. In addition, the company has introduced smaller-portion drinks which Coke intends to have in 90% of the country by the end of the year. It's unclear whether another ad in the series will run during the Super Bowl. Coke has purchased three 30-second spots during the big game.  In a press release introducing the campaign, Coke cited several anti-obesity initiatives, including nutrition labeling, school beverage guidelines and Coca-Cola Troops for Fitness, which offers "military-style fitness classes like calisthenics, sit-ups, push-ups, pull-ups and other fitness and nutritional techniques to families in communities most in need of wellness services." The push comes after the Center For Science in the Public Interest has been a vocal critic of Coke, linking its soft drinks to obesity and diabetes. In November, that organization worked with Alex Bogusky, a former adman who created ads for Coke, on "Real Bears," which featured a polar bear family rejecting soda after they got obese and sick from drinking it.  Bogusky on Monday took to Twitter to criticize Coke's latest campaign:  Tagline contest! Science says Coke doesn't = happiness. nbcnews.to/XNrp9F So what's the new tag? "Coke: None of this shit is our fault." — Alex Bogusky (@bogusky) January 14, 2013 Meanwhile, the Michael Jacobson, executive director of the CSPI offered the following statement about the campaign on its Facebook Page: "They're trying to stem the tide of criticism by taking a page out of crisis control 101, which is to pretend like they're concerned about the issue. If they were serious, they would stop advertising full-calorie drinks, charge less for lower calorie options, and stop fighting the soda tax. They're just running feel-good ads aimed at neutralizing criticism." What do you think of Coke's new campaign? Let us know in the comments. Image courtesy of YouTube, Coca-Cola