College basketball star C.J. Leslie scored 25 points to lead North Carolina State to an upset win over perennial power and in-state rival Duke on Saturday, but his most impressive feat came immediately following the game.  In a story that's become an online hit with sports fans this week, Leslie actually saved a wheelchair-using student from State fans' wild post-game storming of the court.  Here's how it went down: Student Will Privette was one of hundreds to storm N.C State's home court immediately following the big win, but he was the only reveler in a wheelchair. This YouTube video shows the bumrush, and if you look closely, you can see Privette being wheeled out at turbo speed by a friend.  He was knocked over in the chaos amid a crowd of oblivious, out-of-control students. Luckily, Leslie — in the middle of the celebration — spotted Privette on the ground, lifted him up and carried him outside the melee.  A photo of Leslie's good deed then went viral online.   Privette was unharmed, and he and Leslie actually continued the celebration on their own from a safer distance.  “I was originally just going to put him back in his chair. But when he got in my arms, he started cheering, so I was like, ‘Wow,’ so I just kept cheering with him,” Leslie told Today.com. “It was about a good three or four minutes where he was in my arms, and we started cheering together. “After that, I had to put him down because my arm was getting a little tired,” he added. Privette also told Today.com that rushing the court on wheels was his idea, and that the person pushing him was, in fact, N.C. State's student-body president. A video that Privette shot on his phone shows the scary incident from his perspective:   Thumbnail image courtesy of Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Grant HalversonCollege basketball star C.J. Leslie scored 25 points to lead North Carolina State to an upset win over perennial power and in-state rival Duke on Saturday, but his most impressive feat came immediately following the game.  In a story that's become an online hit with sports fans this week, Leslie actually saved a wheelchair-using student from State fans' wild post-game storming of the court.  Here's how it went down: Student Will Privette was one of hundreds to storm N.C State's home court immediately following the big win, but he was the only reveler in a wheelchair. This YouTube video shows the bumrush, and if you look closely, you can see Privette being wheeled out at turbo speed by a friend.  He was knocked over in the chaos amid a crowd of oblivious, out-of-control students. Luckily, Leslie — in the middle of the celebration — spotted Privette on the ground, lifted him up and carried him outside the melee.  A photo of Leslie's good deed then went viral online.   Privette was unharmed, and he and Leslie actually continued the celebration on their own from a safer distance.  “I was originally just going to put him back in his chair. But when he got in my arms, he started cheering, so I was like, ‘Wow,’ so I just kept cheering with him,” Leslie told Today.com. “It was about a good three or four minutes where he was in my arms, and we started cheering together. “After that, I had to put him down because my arm was getting a little tired,” he added. Privette also told Today.com that rushing the court on wheels was his idea, and that the person pushing him was, in fact, N.C. State's student-body president. A video that Privette shot on his phone shows the scary incident from his perspective:   Thumbnail image courtesy of Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Grant Halverson