Before 26-year old programmer Aaron Swartz took his own life late last week, he was being charged with computer fraud and other crimes and facing jail time under a 1986 law called the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA). That act, written before Swartz was born but amended several times since, has become a subject of intense debate following Swartz's death. Swartz was arrested in 2011 after sneaking into a Massachusetts Institute of Technology network closet to use the school's JSTOR access to download a massive amount of academic research. He was later charged under the CFAA, which in part makes it illegal to "intentionally accesses a computer without authorization or exceeds authorized access, and thereby obtain ... information from any protected computer."  The charges against Swartz could have put him behind bars for up to 35 years and cost him $1 million in fines. A Wall Street Journal report said government prosecutors might have only sought a maximum of seven years but were willing to work down to less than a year in a plea deal that was ultimately rejected. Some legal commentators have been citing Swartz's case as an example of why the CFAA needs to be reformed. Marcia Hofmann, senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, published Monday a scathing critique of the CFAA. Hofmann argued the law doesn't clearly define "authorization," giving prosecutors plenty of wiggle room to use CFAA in cases that "aren't really about hacking a computer." Hofmann pointed to United States v. Drew as an example, in which a woman created a faux MySpace profile to bully a young girl, who later committed suicide.  "No crime made the bullying itself illegal, so prosecutors charged Drew under the CFAA, claiming her fake profile violated MySpace's terms of use, which made her access to the social networking site's computers 'unauthorized,'" wrote Hofmann. "An obvious problem with this argument is that it would mean anyone who runs afoul of a web site's fine print is a criminal — and many of us intentionally or unintentionally violate those agreements every day."  Hofmann's second critique of the CFAA — and one that's shared by many of those who have commented on Swartz's circumstances — is that the legal penalties are "harsh and disproportionate to the magnitude of offenses." While Hofmann acknowledged a report that the government "might only seek seven years at trial," she argued that time is still "a wholly disproportionate penalty for Aaron's alleged actions." SEE ALSO: Technology's Greatest Minds Say Goodbye to Aaron Swartz
 Jennifer Granick, director of Civil Liberties at The Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School, wrote in a detailed analysis of CPAA, its history and its future post-Swartz that "another way of looking at the CFAA, is that it protects the box, regardless of other social values or laws regarding the information residing there."  She continued: Our laws try to balance the protection of information with other social goods, including freedom of expression and the public's right to know. So copyright is conditioned by fair use. Trade secrets are specifically defined and only protected against misappropriation. Classified information must be marked, and there is a cultural and legal history that enables news organizations and journalists who report on such issues to continue to operate. The CFAA doesn't care about any of that nuance. There's a bright line protecting the box, and even otherwise public data stored on the box is thereby subject to the system owner's control. Animosity toward the CFAA and the prosecutors using it to prosecute Swartz hasn't been unanimous among commentators. Orin Kerr, a professor of law at the George Washington University Law School and Drew's legal representation in the previously mentioned Myspace bullying case, wrote that he believed the "charges against Swartz were based on a fair reading of the law," "none of the charges involved aggressive readings of the law or any apparent prosecutorial overreach" and "all of the charges were based on established caselaw." "Indeed, once the decision to charge the case had been made, the charges brought here were pretty much what any good federal prosecutor would have charged," wrote Kerr.  SEE ALSO: MIT to Investigate its Role in Aaron Swartz Case
 For Granick, who responded to Kerr in a separate blog post, it's exactly the CFAA's history that shows it should be changed. "The CFAA is shockingly broad," Granick wrote. "Prosecutors shouldn't file CFAA cases just because they can under existing case law. To the contrary, this is why the CFAA should be amended and narrowed." Do you believe it's the right time to revisit the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act? Share your thoughts in the comments. Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, spxChromeBefore 26-year old programmer Aaron Swartz took his own life late last week, he was being charged with computer fraud and other crimes and facing jail time under a 1986 law called the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA). That act, written before Swartz was born but amended several times since, has become a subject of intense debate following Swartz's death. Swartz was arrested in 2011 after sneaking into a Massachusetts Institute of Technology network closet to use the school's JSTOR access to download a massive amount of academic research. He was later charged under the CFAA, which in part makes it illegal to "intentionally accesses a computer without authorization or exceeds authorized access, and thereby obtain ... information from any protected computer."  The charges against Swartz could have put him behind bars for up to 35 years and cost him $1 million in fines. A Wall Street Journal report said government prosecutors might have only sought a maximum of seven years but were willing to work down to less than a year in a plea deal that was ultimately rejected. Some legal commentators have been citing Swartz's case as an example of why the CFAA needs to be reformed. Marcia Hofmann, senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, published Monday a scathing critique of the CFAA. Hofmann argued the law doesn't clearly define "authorization," giving prosecutors plenty of wiggle room to use CFAA in cases that "aren't really about hacking a computer." Hofmann pointed to United States v. Drew as an example, in which a woman created a faux MySpace profile to bully a young girl, who later committed suicide.  "No crime made the bullying itself illegal, so prosecutors charged Drew under the CFAA, claiming her fake profile violated MySpace's terms of use, which made her access to the social networking site's computers 'unauthorized,'" wrote Hofmann. "An obvious problem with this argument is that it would mean anyone who runs afoul of a web site's fine print is a criminal — and many of us intentionally or unintentionally violate those agreements every day."  Hofmann's second critique of the CFAA — and one that's shared by many of those who have commented on Swartz's circumstances — is that the legal penalties are "harsh and disproportionate to the magnitude of offenses." While Hofmann acknowledged a report that the government "might only seek seven years at trial," she argued that time is still "a wholly disproportionate penalty for Aaron's alleged actions." SEE ALSO: Technology's Greatest Minds Say Goodbye to Aaron Swartz
 Jennifer Granick, director of Civil Liberties at The Center for Internet and Society at Stanford Law School, wrote in a detailed analysis of CPAA, its history and its future post-Swartz that "another way of looking at the CFAA, is that it protects the box, regardless of other social values or laws regarding the information residing there."  She continued: Our laws try to balance the protection of information with other social goods, including freedom of expression and the public's right to know. So copyright is conditioned by fair use. Trade secrets are specifically defined and only protected against misappropriation. Classified information must be marked, and there is a cultural and legal history that enables news organizations and journalists who report on such issues to continue to operate. The CFAA doesn't care about any of that nuance. There's a bright line protecting the box, and even otherwise public data stored on the box is thereby subject to the system owner's control. Animosity toward the CFAA and the prosecutors using it to prosecute Swartz hasn't been unanimous among commentators. Orin Kerr, a professor of law at the George Washington University Law School and Drew's legal representation in the previously mentioned Myspace bullying case, wrote that he believed the "charges against Swartz were based on a fair reading of the law," "none of the charges involved aggressive readings of the law or any apparent prosecutorial overreach" and "all of the charges were based on established caselaw." "Indeed, once the decision to charge the case had been made, the charges brought here were pretty much what any good federal prosecutor would have charged," wrote Kerr.  SEE ALSO: MIT to Investigate its Role in Aaron Swartz Case
 For Granick, who responded to Kerr in a separate blog post, it's exactly the CFAA's history that shows it should be changed. "The CFAA is shockingly broad," Granick wrote. "Prosecutors shouldn't file CFAA cases just because they can under existing case law. To the contrary, this is why the CFAA should be amended and narrowed." Do you believe it's the right time to revisit the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act? Share your thoughts in the comments. Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, spxChrome