The Curiosity rover will soon drill for the first rock sample in an area that NASA scientists call a "candy store" of Martian terrain. Full of flat rocks with puzzling veins, the site may explain the wet history of Mars.  NASA says this will be the most significant thing Curiosity has done since her perfectly timed landing back in August. Therefore, the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) team will take their time drilling and analyzing this history-laden area in Yellowknife Bay, which is located in a very low point of the Gale Crater.  "Scientists are ecstatic about the kinds of things we are seeing in this area," says MSL project manager Richard Cook.  This site especially is interesting because it's filled with different types of sedimentary rock, signaling that Mars is geologically active. As the image below from Curiosity's Mastcam shows, the rocks are covered in whitish veins that tell us water moved through these networks. "This is the first time on this mission that we have seen something like this," says project scientist John Grotzinger.   Researchers used the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) to examine the diverse range of rocks in this area. Some are sandstone with peppercorn-sized grains, while others are siltstone with grains that have a texture similar to powdered sugar. According to MAHLI deputy principal investigator Aileen Yingst, grain size is important because it tells us strength of transport mechanism. "The stronger the transport, the larger the grain," she says.  Also notable is that, in this case, many of the grains are rounded. This tells us that they were "knocked around" during their formation, indicating that a fluid transported these grains. The rover will drill a hole about 5 centimeters deep, retrieving a powdery sample that she will then send to her on-board chemistry lab. The first sample, about the size of half an aspirin, will be used to clean Curiosity's ChemCam instrument (in order to avoid contamination from Earth materials). It will take a couple of days for cleaning and a few weeks to analyze the samples, according to Yingst. SEE ALSO: How the Mars Curiosity Rover Works
 "When it comes to drilling we just happen to be in a really sweet spot to do that," says Grotzinger. "There will be discoveries that we'll make that we have never thought of before [...] We've got some really good stuff here to look at." The team first spotted this area from orbit, noting its particularly interesting thermal inertia data. Later, on sol (that's a day on Mars) 120 and 121 of Curiosity's mission, scientists observed drastic temperature changes as she crossed the boundary into Yellowknife Bay. Suddenly, the lows were lower, and the highs were higher.  "It's like we entered a whole different world," says Grotzinger. "We don't know what's causing this change. We couldn't have predicted any of this stuff from orbit, and we can't wait to get drilling on this stuff." The rock chosen for drilling is called "John Klein," a fitting tribute to former Mars Science Laboratory deputy project manager John W. Klein, who passed away in 2011.  Photos courtesy of NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSSThe Curiosity rover will soon drill for the first rock sample in an area that NASA scientists call a "candy store" of Martian terrain. Full of flat rocks with puzzling veins, the site may explain the wet history of Mars.  NASA says this will be the most significant thing Curiosity has done since her perfectly timed landing back in August. Therefore, the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) team will take their time drilling and analyzing this history-laden area in Yellowknife Bay, which is located in a very low point of the Gale Crater.  "Scientists are ecstatic about the kinds of things we are seeing in this area," says MSL project manager Richard Cook.  This site especially is interesting because it's filled with different types of sedimentary rock, signaling that Mars is geologically active. As the image below from Curiosity's Mastcam shows, the rocks are covered in whitish veins that tell us water moved through these networks. "This is the first time on this mission that we have seen something like this," says project scientist John Grotzinger.   Researchers used the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) to examine the diverse range of rocks in this area. Some are sandstone with peppercorn-sized grains, while others are siltstone with grains that have a texture similar to powdered sugar. According to MAHLI deputy principal investigator Aileen Yingst, grain size is important because it tells us strength of transport mechanism. "The stronger the transport, the larger the grain," she says.  Also notable is that, in this case, many of the grains are rounded. This tells us that they were "knocked around" during their formation, indicating that a fluid transported these grains. The rover will drill a hole about 5 centimeters deep, retrieving a powdery sample that she will then send to her on-board chemistry lab. The first sample, about the size of half an aspirin, will be used to clean Curiosity's ChemCam instrument (in order to avoid contamination from Earth materials). It will take a couple of days for cleaning and a few weeks to analyze the samples, according to Yingst. SEE ALSO: How the Mars Curiosity Rover Works
 "When it comes to drilling we just happen to be in a really sweet spot to do that," says Grotzinger. "There will be discoveries that we'll make that we have never thought of before [...] We've got some really good stuff here to look at." The team first spotted this area from orbit, noting its particularly interesting thermal inertia data. Later, on sol (that's a day on Mars) 120 and 121 of Curiosity's mission, scientists observed drastic temperature changes as she crossed the boundary into Yellowknife Bay. Suddenly, the lows were lower, and the highs were higher.  "It's like we entered a whole different world," says Grotzinger. "We don't know what's causing this change. We couldn't have predicted any of this stuff from orbit, and we can't wait to get drilling on this stuff." The rock chosen for drilling is called "John Klein," a fitting tribute to former Mars Science Laboratory deputy project manager John W. Klein, who passed away in 2011.  Photos courtesy of NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS