 Microsoft unveiled a neat contest for developers, giving them a chance to have their app featured in a Windows Phone television ad.  The contest, which officially started Monday, is called Windows Phone Next App Star, and is open to Windows Phone developers worldwide. Participation is easy: Just have a killer app, and you'll get a chance to be featured in a primetime TV ad in the U.S.  The top 64 apps will be chosen based on user rating, app quality and successful implementation of new Windows Phone 8 features, such as Live Tiles. The 64 entries will then vie for public votes in a head-to-head competition that whittles down candidates until the best app is chosen.  Microsoft promises thousands of dollars in prizes for developers of the 64 selected apps. Other winnings include a Nokia Lumia 920 Windows Phone and a free, one-year Dev Center subscription.  Registered Windows Phone app developers can opt in by visiting the Dev Center by March 5. Developers who haven't yet developed a Windows Phone app can participate as well, by registering and publishing an app by March 5.  Image credit: Mashable Microsoft unveiled a neat contest for developers, giving them a chance to have their app featured in a Windows Phone television ad.  The contest, which officially started Monday, is called Windows Phone Next App Star, and is open to Windows Phone developers worldwide. Participation is easy: Just have a killer app, and you'll get a chance to be featured in a primetime TV ad in the U.S.  The top 64 apps will be chosen based on user rating, app quality and successful implementation of new Windows Phone 8 features, such as Live Tiles. The 64 entries will then vie for public votes in a head-to-head competition that whittles down candidates until the best app is chosen.  Microsoft promises thousands of dollars in prizes for developers of the 64 selected apps. Other winnings include a Nokia Lumia 920 Windows Phone and a free, one-year Dev Center subscription.  Registered Windows Phone app developers can opt in by visiting the Dev Center by March 5. Developers who haven't yet developed a Windows Phone app can participate as well, by registering and publishing an app by March 5.  Image credit: Mashable