Facebook says its new Graph Search functionality has the potential to become a reporter's left hand. As journalists are always on the hunt for new sources and pictures to accompany stories, the social network's latest smart search features could reveal a wealth of opportunities for uncovering new information. Perhaps the biggest areas for members of the media include sifting through public photos on the site and looking for experts. Facebook announced on Tuesday a new and improved internal search system, allowing users to look within their own social graph for specifics — from revealing which friends like certain TV shows or which pictures were taken by friends in, say, New York City. "The new search enables journalists to do richer searches when trying to find an expert for a story," Facebook said in a blog post. "For example, say you’re doing a story on a specific company and you’re looking to interview someone who works at the company in their New York office, you could do this by searching for 'People who work at ACME Inc in New York' to find potential employees to reach out to." Reporters can narrow the search even more to find those that work at the company with a specific title, and do the same when looking for pictures. SEE ALSO: Facebook Graph Search Could Be Its Greatest Innovation
 "With more than 240 billion photos on Facebook, Graph Search makes it easier to find public photos and filter the results, such as finding photos posted within a specific location (as broad as photos within a city to photos posted at a specific landmark based on location tags from users)," the company said. "This could serve as a great tool during breaking news situations or even to conduct research about a location to get a sense of what it appears like visually." For example, Facebook describes how using the site during the 2012 London Olympics could been a key tool for finding images: "If you were a journalist covering the story, you would be able to do custom search (i.e. 'photos taken at Olympic Park') to find photos uploaded within a specific area and reach out to potential sources and, if they provide permission, their photos in your story." At the same time, Facebook said the move will make it easier for users to follow with journalists by typing in "journalists" into the find pages section.  Image via iStockphoto, webphotographeerFacebook says its new Graph Search functionality has the potential to become a reporter's left hand. As journalists are always on the hunt for new sources and pictures to accompany stories, the social network's latest smart search features could reveal a wealth of opportunities for uncovering new information. Perhaps the biggest areas for members of the media include sifting through public photos on the site and looking for experts. Facebook announced on Tuesday a new and improved internal search system, allowing users to look within their own social graph for specifics — from revealing which friends like certain TV shows or which pictures were taken by friends in, say, New York City. "The new search enables journalists to do richer searches when trying to find an expert for a story," Facebook said in a blog post. "For example, say you’re doing a story on a specific company and you’re looking to interview someone who works at the company in their New York office, you could do this by searching for 'People who work at ACME Inc in New York' to find potential employees to reach out to." Reporters can narrow the search even more to find those that work at the company with a specific title, and do the same when looking for pictures. SEE ALSO: Facebook Graph Search Could Be Its Greatest Innovation
 "With more than 240 billion photos on Facebook, Graph Search makes it easier to find public photos and filter the results, such as finding photos posted within a specific location (as broad as photos within a city to photos posted at a specific landmark based on location tags from users)," the company said. "This could serve as a great tool during breaking news situations or even to conduct research about a location to get a sense of what it appears like visually." For example, Facebook describes how using the site during the 2012 London Olympics could been a key tool for finding images: "If you were a journalist covering the story, you would be able to do custom search (i.e. 'photos taken at Olympic Park') to find photos uploaded within a specific area and reach out to potential sources and, if they provide permission, their photos in your story." At the same time, Facebook said the move will make it easier for users to follow with journalists by typing in "journalists" into the find pages section.  Image via iStockphoto, webphotographeer