Peretti is a stand-up comedian and writer who's worked on Parks and Recreation and The Sarah Silverman Program. Her Instagram feed is a good mix of puppies, awkward selfies and whatever she happens to be reading on her iPhone. Comedian Nick Kroll doesn't have a ton of Instagrams just yet, but the ramp up to his new Comedy Central show has garnered him a lot of followers there. The feed is random and occasionally crass, and we like it that way. Another alum of the Parks and Rec writing room, Mande has a way with captions. While not a comic by trade, Hara has translated his substantial Twitter following into an Instagram audience. Snaps of his neighborhood and kids are always a riot with the right captions. Bishop's signature Twitter voice translates nicely to Instagram, where she captions food and puppies with breathless abandon. Writer/comedian/TV guy Scheer turns ridiculous street sightings into Instagram comedy gold. Signage has never been so funny. Love backstage candids and mustache humor? You've come to the right feed. The magic of Text-Only Instagram really works best on the platform itself. Clever cliches are written and filtered for a fun feed. Arguably the greatest site on the Internet (besides this one, amirite?), cashcats.biz has recently taken to Instagram with aplomb. The wholly unofficial Instagram account for Mr. Wonder is simultaneously brilliant and awful. A picture is worth 1,000 laughs — with the right filter and caption, of course. Instagram is quickly becoming a great outlet for visual wit.  If you need a dose of humor in your Instagram feed, look no further than these funny photographers. Check out our picks above and share yours in the comments.Peretti is a stand-up comedian and writer who's worked on Parks and Recreation and The Sarah Silverman Program. Her Instagram feed is a good mix of puppies, awkward selfies and whatever she happens to be reading on her iPhone. Comedian Nick Kroll doesn't have a ton of Instagrams just yet, but the ramp up to his new Comedy Central show has garnered him a lot of followers there. The feed is random and occasionally crass, and we like it that way. Another alum of the Parks and Rec writing room, Mande has a way with captions. While not a comic by trade, Hara has translated his substantial Twitter following into an Instagram audience. Snaps of his neighborhood and kids are always a riot with the right captions. Bishop's signature Twitter voice translates nicely to Instagram, where she captions food and puppies with breathless abandon. Writer/comedian/TV guy Scheer turns ridiculous street sightings into Instagram comedy gold. Signage has never been so funny. Love backstage candids and mustache humor? You've come to the right feed. The magic of Text-Only Instagram really works best on the platform itself. Clever cliches are written and filtered for a fun feed. Arguably the greatest site on the Internet (besides this one, amirite?), cashcats.biz has recently taken to Instagram with aplomb. The wholly unofficial Instagram account for Mr. Wonder is simultaneously brilliant and awful. A picture is worth 1,000 laughs — with the right filter and caption, of course. Instagram is quickly becoming a great outlet for visual wit.  If you need a dose of humor in your Instagram feed, look no further than these funny photographers. Check out our picks above and share yours in the comments.