 Fans of the board game The Settlers of Catan will probably agree: the actual board part could use some work. Tim Walsh, a San Francisco-based Catan fan, was fed up with the game's wobbly playing surface. He invented a new set of pieces, called Hexels, and launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds. Now, after a few weeks, he's already met his fundraising goal. Hexels are six-sided magnetic pieces, representative of the 19 "hexes" used in the game, that connect to each other to create a sturdier game board (see the image below).   As Walsh puts it: A Hexel ... magnetically connects to each of its neighbors by allowing each magnet to freely orient itself in whatever direction creates the strongest bond. The result is a board that stays together when playing, allows complete modularity, can be used as a storage device, and it all fits into the original box your game of settlers came in. The traditional Settlers hexes are individual cardboard pieces. Each one represents a resource — brick, lumber, wool, grain or ore — that gamers collect and eventually trade in to build roads, cities and settlements. The pieces are arranged randomly at the beginning of each game to ensure every one plays out differently than the last — the lack of a solid structure, however, makes it difficult to keep the board in one place during gameplay.  Hence the appeal of the Hexels' magnetic attraction.    SEE ALSO: 'Settlers of Catan' Gets a New Game Board Thanks to Kickstarter
 This isn't the first Kickstarter project to improve Settlers' board. In November, Mashable interviewed Bill Trammel and Nate Veldkamp, also from California, who designed a single board tray to hold each hex. Their design, along with Walsh's, has been officially endorsed by the game's creators.    Walsh's Kickstarter campaign has already collected $93,664, well past its original goal of $50,000, and will continue until Jan. 21. He estimates the pieces will be delivered to their earliest backers by February.  Would you use this new design to play Settlers? Tell us what you think about it below.     Image courtesy of Tim Walsh Fans of the board game The Settlers of Catan will probably agree: the actual board part could use some work. Tim Walsh, a San Francisco-based Catan fan, was fed up with the game's wobbly playing surface. He invented a new set of pieces, called Hexels, and launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds. Now, after a few weeks, he's already met his fundraising goal. Hexels are six-sided magnetic pieces, representative of the 19 "hexes" used in the game, that connect to each other to create a sturdier game board (see the image below).   As Walsh puts it: A Hexel ... magnetically connects to each of its neighbors by allowing each magnet to freely orient itself in whatever direction creates the strongest bond. The result is a board that stays together when playing, allows complete modularity, can be used as a storage device, and it all fits into the original box your game of settlers came in. The traditional Settlers hexes are individual cardboard pieces. Each one represents a resource — brick, lumber, wool, grain or ore — that gamers collect and eventually trade in to build roads, cities and settlements. The pieces are arranged randomly at the beginning of each game to ensure every one plays out differently than the last — the lack of a solid structure, however, makes it difficult to keep the board in one place during gameplay.  Hence the appeal of the Hexels' magnetic attraction.    SEE ALSO: 'Settlers of Catan' Gets a New Game Board Thanks to Kickstarter
 This isn't the first Kickstarter project to improve Settlers' board. In November, Mashable interviewed Bill Trammel and Nate Veldkamp, also from California, who designed a single board tray to hold each hex. Their design, along with Walsh's, has been officially endorsed by the game's creators.    Walsh's Kickstarter campaign has already collected $93,664, well past its original goal of $50,000, and will continue until Jan. 21. He estimates the pieces will be delivered to their earliest backers by February.  Would you use this new design to play Settlers? Tell us what you think about it below.     Image courtesy of Tim Walsh