Russia or China could be behind one of the largest and most complex cyber espionage campaigns ever revealed, according to cybersecurity experts contacted by Mashable. The operation, codenamed Red October, was uncovered yesterday by the Russian online security giant Kaspersky Lab. Unfortunately the evidence can't clearly show who is behind the attacks. All the experts, including the Kaspersky researchers, warn that caution is due. "If you don't see clear evidence," said Markus Jakobsson, cybersecurity expert and CTO of FatSkunk, a Silicon Valley anti-mobile malware company, "what you can do is base it on a hunch and look at who's targeted."  The malware targeted mostly government networks, diplomatic or research institutions, and critical infrastructures located in countries across all continents. Claudio Guarnieri, a security researcher at Rapid7, an information security company, said that because of the nature of the targets, the operation is "definitely politically motivated." That opinion is shared by the researchers at Kaspersky, who wrote in the report that "the main purpose of the operation appears to be the gathering of classified information and geopolitical intelligence, although it seems that the information-gathering scope is quite wide."  According to Kaspersky's analysis, Russia and former Soviet countries are the ones hit the most. Jakobsson notes that in these cases, it's also important to see who is not among the victims. There's a big player in the cyber espionage world that seems to have come out unscathed from a global operation that Kaspersky estimates has been ongoing for at least 5 years: China. That detail, coupled with the fact that the motives seem to be clearly political, makes Jakobsson put his money on China, with a caveat. "Either it's criminal attempts, and then my bets are that it is from Russia, or it's politically motivated and then my money is on China," he told Mashable.  Both Guarnieri and Jakobsson, as well as Adam Segal, a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, agree that the information stolen by Red October is hardly something that could be easily sold or commercialized, which seems to exclude the criminal motive. Criminal organizations who use malware, explains Jakobsson, normally target a lot of computers and try to steal data that can be then sold in the black market and that has high value. This doesn't seem to be the case. However, not everybody is so sure China is behind the operation. Segal notes that the United Kingdom is missing from the list of victims as well, and the UK might be a country interested in Russian-related intelligence. He estimates that there are eight to ten countries who could have motives to spy on Russian targets, and three to five countries with the technological capabilities to carry out such a complex operation. "Could have been the Chinese, could have been the Brits, who knows," he says. According to Kaspersky, an analysis of the malware itself is not revealing. "The information we have collected so far does not appear to point towards any specific location," the report initially states. However, some of the exploits, "appear to have been created by Chinese hackers," and the Red October "malware modules have been created by Russian-speaking operatives." The fact that the malware seems to come from China is hardly a conclusive evidence, said Segal. "Pieces of Chinese code are often widely available on these black market websites where hackers sell and swap code," he told Mashable. However, This could also be an instance where some sort of freelance hacker group is stealing intelligence with the intent of then selling it to a government — although Segal seems to hint that this is a more unlikely explanation.  Of course, all these clues could just be red herrings, designed to mislead investigators, as Kaspersky Lab senior security researcher Costin Raiu noted in an interview with Wired's Threat Level blog.  Guarnieri, who had already seen some signs of Red October in February last year, is more inclined to think Russia is behind these attacks, considering some of the domains used are Russian and some signs seems to point the hackers are Russian-speaking.  Furthermore, he notes, China doesn't have a history of such a widespread and long-running espionage operation with very diversified targets and a unique and large malware framework, but rather multiple concurrent campaigns with different targets and different sets of tools, operated by different people. That being said, he admits, "it's very difficult to completely exclude China in this kind of context because it's a big player and it's often the protagonist in this sort of attacks." SEE ALSO:  Is Iran Behind a Wave of Cyberattacks Against U.S. Banks?
 Red October, or in short "Rocra," is still live, and it's been harvesting a wide array of documents and files, including some that seem to be associated with an encryption software typically used by the European Union and NATO, according to Kaspersky. The operation targets computers, smartphones and removable storage devices such as USB thumb drives. The Russian cybersecurity giant has identified hundreds of infections and more than 1,000 malicious modules.  Most of the malware modules are designed to perform different tasks, some are one-time, some are recurrent. A few examples include siphoning all kinds of documents and files, record keystrokes, make screenshots, retrieve Outlook email messages, extract saved passwords, and stealing data from connected phones. Kaspersky was first warned of this campaign by one of its clients — which the company declined to identify.  Red October is just the latest in a string of high-profile cybersecurity attacks uncovered by Kaspersky and other companies in the last few months. Last year, the Russian company revealed the existence of Flame and Gauss (both believed to be developed by the the U.S. and Israel), while Symantec uncovered DuQu.  Infographic courtesy of Kaspersky Labs Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, maxkabakovRussia or China could be behind one of the largest and most complex cyber espionage campaigns ever revealed, according to cybersecurity experts contacted by Mashable. The operation, codenamed Red October, was uncovered yesterday by the Russian online security giant Kaspersky Lab. Unfortunately the evidence can't clearly show who is behind the attacks. All the experts, including the Kaspersky researchers, warn that caution is due. "If you don't see clear evidence," said Markus Jakobsson, cybersecurity expert and CTO of FatSkunk, a Silicon Valley anti-mobile malware company, "what you can do is base it on a hunch and look at who's targeted."  The malware targeted mostly government networks, diplomatic or research institutions, and critical infrastructures located in countries across all continents. Claudio Guarnieri, a security researcher at Rapid7, an information security company, said that because of the nature of the targets, the operation is "definitely politically motivated." That opinion is shared by the researchers at Kaspersky, who wrote in the report that "the main purpose of the operation appears to be the gathering of classified information and geopolitical intelligence, although it seems that the information-gathering scope is quite wide."  According to Kaspersky's analysis, Russia and former Soviet countries are the ones hit the most. Jakobsson notes that in these cases, it's also important to see who is not among the victims. There's a big player in the cyber espionage world that seems to have come out unscathed from a global operation that Kaspersky estimates has been ongoing for at least 5 years: China. That detail, coupled with the fact that the motives seem to be clearly political, makes Jakobsson put his money on China, with a caveat. "Either it's criminal attempts, and then my bets are that it is from Russia, or it's politically motivated and then my money is on China," he told Mashable.  Both Guarnieri and Jakobsson, as well as Adam Segal, a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, agree that the information stolen by Red October is hardly something that could be easily sold or commercialized, which seems to exclude the criminal motive. Criminal organizations who use malware, explains Jakobsson, normally target a lot of computers and try to steal data that can be then sold in the black market and that has high value. This doesn't seem to be the case. However, not everybody is so sure China is behind the operation. Segal notes that the United Kingdom is missing from the list of victims as well, and the UK might be a country interested in Russian-related intelligence. He estimates that there are eight to ten countries who could have motives to spy on Russian targets, and three to five countries with the technological capabilities to carry out such a complex operation. "Could have been the Chinese, could have been the Brits, who knows," he says. According to Kaspersky, an analysis of the malware itself is not revealing. "The information we have collected so far does not appear to point towards any specific location," the report initially states. However, some of the exploits, "appear to have been created by Chinese hackers," and the Red October "malware modules have been created by Russian-speaking operatives." The fact that the malware seems to come from China is hardly a conclusive evidence, said Segal. "Pieces of Chinese code are often widely available on these black market websites where hackers sell and swap code," he told Mashable. However, This could also be an instance where some sort of freelance hacker group is stealing intelligence with the intent of then selling it to a government — although Segal seems to hint that this is a more unlikely explanation.  Of course, all these clues could just be red herrings, designed to mislead investigators, as Kaspersky Lab senior security researcher Costin Raiu noted in an interview with Wired's Threat Level blog.  Guarnieri, who had already seen some signs of Red October in February last year, is more inclined to think Russia is behind these attacks, considering some of the domains used are Russian and some signs seems to point the hackers are Russian-speaking.  Furthermore, he notes, China doesn't have a history of such a widespread and long-running espionage operation with very diversified targets and a unique and large malware framework, but rather multiple concurrent campaigns with different targets and different sets of tools, operated by different people. That being said, he admits, "it's very difficult to completely exclude China in this kind of context because it's a big player and it's often the protagonist in this sort of attacks." SEE ALSO:  Is Iran Behind a Wave of Cyberattacks Against U.S. Banks?
 Red October, or in short "Rocra," is still live, and it's been harvesting a wide array of documents and files, including some that seem to be associated with an encryption software typically used by the European Union and NATO, according to Kaspersky. The operation targets computers, smartphones and removable storage devices such as USB thumb drives. The Russian cybersecurity giant has identified hundreds of infections and more than 1,000 malicious modules.  Most of the malware modules are designed to perform different tasks, some are one-time, some are recurrent. A few examples include siphoning all kinds of documents and files, record keystrokes, make screenshots, retrieve Outlook email messages, extract saved passwords, and stealing data from connected phones. Kaspersky was first warned of this campaign by one of its clients — which the company declined to identify.  Red October is just the latest in a string of high-profile cybersecurity attacks uncovered by Kaspersky and other companies in the last few months. Last year, the Russian company revealed the existence of Flame and Gauss (both believed to be developed by the the U.S. and Israel), while Symantec uncovered DuQu.  Infographic courtesy of Kaspersky Labs Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, maxkabakov