The NHL finally returns this weekend, and while you may not be able to skate with your favorite hockey stars, you can drive the Zamboni.  Well, let's qualify that: You can drive a digital Zamboni thanks to the latest Google Doodle, which recently went live in Australia.  When you hit play, skaters and hockey players mark up a patch of ice with their blades. Then you enter with your Zamboni and use your arrow keys to motor around and smooth out the surface while picking up fuel cans for extra range and ice cream cones for bonus points.  It's a pretty slick little game and calls to mind the interactive Doodles Google released during the 2012 Summer Olympics.  But why the Zamboni theme? It's not the salvaged NHL season we have to thank — Jan. 16 is the 112th birthday of Frank Zamboni, Jr., inventor of the much-loved ice resurfacer. Frank, who passed away in 1988, was an innovator and entrepreneur in his own right well before the days of digital. According to the Zamboni Company website, he and his brother left the refrigeration business to open an ice rink in Paramount, Calif., in 1940. When they found the process of manually resurfacing their rink to be arduous and inefficient, Frank began experimenting and the first Zamboni model was finalized in 1949.  The company is still based in Paramount and has produced more than 10,000 machines since. To have some fun with the new Zamboni Google Doodle, head over to Google.com.au, or simply wait a few hours for Jan. 16 to roll around where you are — then go to Google.com.  Image courtesy Google.com.auThe NHL finally returns this weekend, and while you may not be able to skate with your favorite hockey stars, you can drive the Zamboni.  Well, let's qualify that: You can drive a digital Zamboni thanks to the latest Google Doodle, which recently went live in Australia.  When you hit play, skaters and hockey players mark up a patch of ice with their blades. Then you enter with your Zamboni and use your arrow keys to motor around and smooth out the surface while picking up fuel cans for extra range and ice cream cones for bonus points.  It's a pretty slick little game and calls to mind the interactive Doodles Google released during the 2012 Summer Olympics.  But why the Zamboni theme? It's not the salvaged NHL season we have to thank — Jan. 16 is the 112th birthday of Frank Zamboni, Jr., inventor of the much-loved ice resurfacer. Frank, who passed away in 1988, was an innovator and entrepreneur in his own right well before the days of digital. According to the Zamboni Company website, he and his brother left the refrigeration business to open an ice rink in Paramount, Calif., in 1940. When they found the process of manually resurfacing their rink to be arduous and inefficient, Frank began experimenting and the first Zamboni model was finalized in 1949.  The company is still based in Paramount and has produced more than 10,000 machines since. To have some fun with the new Zamboni Google Doodle, head over to Google.com.au, or simply wait a few hours for Jan. 16 to roll around where you are — then go to Google.com.  Image courtesy Google.com.au