"Liquid (also called "Fluid") is characterized by scaling the width of parts of the design relative to the window. It tends to fail when the window is much smaller or much larger than it was originally designed for." "Responsive is characterized by having defined layouts for different resolutions. Within each layout, the design is liquid and resizes the width of elements relative to the changing window size." "Static layouts are the traditional web: one design that sits in the center of the page and requires horizontal scrolling if the window is too small for it. M dot sites are the traditional answer to this, providing a wholly separate site for a lower resolution - and all the work of creating a separate site." "Adaptive is characterized by having defined layouts for different resolutions. Within each layout, resizing the window does not change the layout. Adaptive design. It's one of the big buzzwords in digital media right now, but what does it mean? Nick Davison, director of web development for ad firm Digitaria, has come up with the quickest explanation we've ever seen, not only for adaptive design, but for static, liquid and responsive designs as well. Best of all, it's almost completely visual.  Still confused? Then check out Mashable CTO Robyn Peterson's explanation here. Images courtesy of Nick Davison; thumbnail image via iStockphoto, marekuliasz"Liquid (also called "Fluid") is characterized by scaling the width of parts of the design relative to the window. It tends to fail when the window is much smaller or much larger than it was originally designed for." "Responsive is characterized by having defined layouts for different resolutions. Within each layout, the design is liquid and resizes the width of elements relative to the changing window size." "Static layouts are the traditional web: one design that sits in the center of the page and requires horizontal scrolling if the window is too small for it. M dot sites are the traditional answer to this, providing a wholly separate site for a lower resolution - and all the work of creating a separate site." "Adaptive is characterized by having defined layouts for different resolutions. Within each layout, resizing the window does not change the layout. Adaptive design. It's one of the big buzzwords in digital media right now, but what does it mean? Nick Davison, director of web development for ad firm Digitaria, has come up with the quickest explanation we've ever seen, not only for adaptive design, but for static, liquid and responsive designs as well. Best of all, it's almost completely visual.  Still confused? Then check out Mashable CTO Robyn Peterson's explanation here. Images courtesy of Nick Davison; thumbnail image via iStockphoto, marekuliasz