 A rescue dog with an adorably crooked smile that warmed the Internet's hearts has passed away. The Humane Society announced Wednesday that Billy the chihuahua died unexpectedly over the holidays. Adam Parascandola, Billy's rescuer and later owner, shared the news in a tearful video that will touch anyone who has ever loved an animal. SEE ALSO: The 10 Cutest Videos of 2012
 Billy sparkled in the web fame spotlight after the story of his rescue went viral last December, accumulating more than 600,000 views on YouTube. The tiny dog grew up at a North Carolina puppy mill and dealt with many health problems — including missing part of his lower jaw — as a result of living in a cage without proper medical attention for years. Parascandola hopes that Billy's legacy of bringing attention to the dogs still suffering in puppy mills will live on. BONUS: 15 Adorable Tumblrs for Canine Connoisseurs  Canines + inspiring landscapes = win. This sweet Tumblr documents the dogs that get left outside while their owners run errands. Not all of them look this sad. If you're partial to a pug or a soft on Shar Peis, this is the blog for you. Theron Humphrey's "super serious project about dogs and physics" shows coonhound Maddie standing on various objects. If anthropomorphizing animals makes you giggle, check out this Tumblr. This inexplicably sweary blog offers a plethora of pics showing pooches with PCs. Like men? Like dogs? Look no further. This more generic blog delivers daily pics of the "Dogs of the Interwebz." The same beagle image is given a new name caption each entry. You can suggest your fave dog name for consideration. This popular blog brings you puppies of the hipster persuasion. The title says it all. Tiger is a patient pup who allows his owner to balance food on his head for photo ops. We like to think Tiger is quietly plotting his revenge. Evan Nix gathers pics of himself posing as many different dogs as he can lay his paws on. Not just any old dogs, cool dogs. A Tumblr classic, there's something especially endearing about dogs eating pasta. Finally, we're bring you Upside Down Dogs as a "bonus" slide. Although it started as a Tumblr, it has now graduated from the platform. Tune in for dogs the wrong way up. Thumbnail image courtesy of YouTube, Human Society A rescue dog with an adorably crooked smile that warmed the Internet's hearts has passed away. The Humane Society announced Wednesday that Billy the chihuahua died unexpectedly over the holidays. Adam Parascandola, Billy's rescuer and later owner, shared the news in a tearful video that will touch anyone who has ever loved an animal. SEE ALSO: The 10 Cutest Videos of 2012
 Billy sparkled in the web fame spotlight after the story of his rescue went viral last December, accumulating more than 600,000 views on YouTube. The tiny dog grew up at a North Carolina puppy mill and dealt with many health problems — including missing part of his lower jaw — as a result of living in a cage without proper medical attention for years. Parascandola hopes that Billy's legacy of bringing attention to the dogs still suffering in puppy mills will live on. BONUS: 15 Adorable Tumblrs for Canine Connoisseurs  Canines + inspiring landscapes = win. This sweet Tumblr documents the dogs that get left outside while their owners run errands. Not all of them look this sad. If you're partial to a pug or a soft on Shar Peis, this is the blog for you. Theron Humphrey's "super serious project about dogs and physics" shows coonhound Maddie standing on various objects. If anthropomorphizing animals makes you giggle, check out this Tumblr. This inexplicably sweary blog offers a plethora of pics showing pooches with PCs. Like men? Like dogs? Look no further. This more generic blog delivers daily pics of the "Dogs of the Interwebz." The same beagle image is given a new name caption each entry. You can suggest your fave dog name for consideration. This popular blog brings you puppies of the hipster persuasion. The title says it all. Tiger is a patient pup who allows his owner to balance food on his head for photo ops. We like to think Tiger is quietly plotting his revenge. Evan Nix gathers pics of himself posing as many different dogs as he can lay his paws on. Not just any old dogs, cool dogs. A Tumblr classic, there's something especially endearing about dogs eating pasta. Finally, we're bring you Upside Down Dogs as a "bonus" slide. Although it started as a Tumblr, it has now graduated from the platform. Tune in for dogs the wrong way up. Thumbnail image courtesy of YouTube, Human Society