 Two people were killed and 12 more injured after a helicopter struck a construction crane and crashed into a busy street in London Wednesday morning. Almost immediately after the incident, video of the aftermath was posted to YouTube.  The footage here, which Mashable verified by cross-referencing local media reports and Google Street View data, shows flaming wreckage on Wandsworth Road in central London. It was uploaded by YouTube user "niczerogoeshome" and, speaking to the power of citizen journalism, has since been picked up by major media outlets including Reuters. Note: It's not graphic. The helicopter, according to the BBC, struck a crane atop The Tower, a residential skyscraper currently under construction on the bank of the Thames. It then crashed to the ground, killing the pilot and one bystander while wounding several others and igniting nearby cars and buildings. Bad weather is possibly among the factors to blame for the deadly crash: London was blanketed in a heavy fog Wednesday morning, prompting the helicopter's pilot to request a diversion to a close-by heliport in order to land safely before the accident occurred. The scene of the crash can be found on Google Street View: View Larger Map Photo/video courtesy of niczerogoeshome Two people were killed and 12 more injured after a helicopter struck a construction crane and crashed into a busy street in London Wednesday morning. Almost immediately after the incident, video of the aftermath was posted to YouTube.  The footage here, which Mashable verified by cross-referencing local media reports and Google Street View data, shows flaming wreckage on Wandsworth Road in central London. It was uploaded by YouTube user "niczerogoeshome" and, speaking to the power of citizen journalism, has since been picked up by major media outlets including Reuters. Note: It's not graphic. The helicopter, according to the BBC, struck a crane atop The Tower, a residential skyscraper currently under construction on the bank of the Thames. It then crashed to the ground, killing the pilot and one bystander while wounding several others and igniting nearby cars and buildings. Bad weather is possibly among the factors to blame for the deadly crash: London was blanketed in a heavy fog Wednesday morning, prompting the helicopter's pilot to request a diversion to a close-by heliport in order to land safely before the accident occurred. The scene of the crash can be found on Google Street View: View Larger Map Photo/video courtesy of niczerogoeshome