Photo courtesy of Flickr, borispumps Princess Zelda would totally have a manicure this cool. Photo courtesy of Reddit, lostinlaquer I choose this design. Photo courtesy of Reddit, alira23 Slightly chipped for the "old, weathered map" effect. Photo courtesy of Flickr, borispumps Photo courtesy of Instagram,  For the original gamers. Photo courtesy of Reddit, polishrainbow.com But always stylish. Photo courtesy of Instagram, koeklekate Photo courtesy of Reddit, CottonKandii Photo courtesy of Reddit, michellexmary Photo courtesy of Flickr, Chantal Wagner You can think about social media while you give your hands a break from using social media. Pinned by Grace Cauley, from The Nailasaurus Très hacker chic. Photo courtesy of Reddit, nailpopllc How could anyone be so grouchy about such great nails? Photo courtesy of Reddit, pursuitofhoppiness These nails are to "Avada Kadavra" for. Photo courtesy of Instagram, chloalowey Photo courtesy of Reddit, acidtrix C is for cool nails. Photo courtesy of Instagram, byoruworld If only he could speed up the dry time. Photo courtesy of Instagram, nails4yummies Your friends will "Oh my Glob!" over these nails. Photo courtesy of Reddit, politest-troll-ever Photo courtesy of Instagram, makeupandpolish Straight out of the wild, wild west. Photo courtesy of Reddit, XJofo This design packs a mean punch. Photo courtesy of Instagram, natalie48jed Nail art has been around for centuries, but the trend has gained widespread popularity over the past couple years.  However, today's manis are far from the prim and proper French classic. Reddit users of the nail art community RedditLacqueristas, among other web users, have turned stereotypical genres of nerd into elegant works of art. Whether you like video games, computers, robots, pirates or memes, there is a cool and elegant design found on someone's finger tips. This is Revenge of the Nerds, nail art style. SEE ALSO: YouTube Beauty: Top 10 Channels to Follow Most of these manicures are done at home. Do you have what it takes? Share your nerdy nail art in the comments below. Photo pinned by Grace Cauley, from The NailasaurusPhoto courtesy of Flickr, borispumps Princess Zelda would totally have a manicure this cool. Photo courtesy of Reddit, lostinlaquer I choose this design. Photo courtesy of Reddit, alira23 Slightly chipped for the "old, weathered map" effect. Photo courtesy of Flickr, borispumps Photo courtesy of Instagram,  For the original gamers. Photo courtesy of Reddit, polishrainbow.com But always stylish. Photo courtesy of Instagram, koeklekate Photo courtesy of Reddit, CottonKandii Photo courtesy of Reddit, michellexmary Photo courtesy of Flickr, Chantal Wagner You can think about social media while you give your hands a break from using social media. Pinned by Grace Cauley, from The Nailasaurus Très hacker chic. Photo courtesy of Reddit, nailpopllc How could anyone be so grouchy about such great nails? Photo courtesy of Reddit, pursuitofhoppiness These nails are to "Avada Kadavra" for. Photo courtesy of Instagram, chloalowey Photo courtesy of Reddit, acidtrix C is for cool nails. Photo courtesy of Instagram, byoruworld If only he could speed up the dry time. Photo courtesy of Instagram, nails4yummies Your friends will "Oh my Glob!" over these nails. Photo courtesy of Reddit, politest-troll-ever Photo courtesy of Instagram, makeupandpolish Straight out of the wild, wild west. Photo courtesy of Reddit, XJofo This design packs a mean punch. Photo courtesy of Instagram, natalie48jed Nail art has been around for centuries, but the trend has gained widespread popularity over the past couple years.  However, today's manis are far from the prim and proper French classic. Reddit users of the nail art community RedditLacqueristas, among other web users, have turned stereotypical genres of nerd into elegant works of art. Whether you like video games, computers, robots, pirates or memes, there is a cool and elegant design found on someone's finger tips. This is Revenge of the Nerds, nail art style. SEE ALSO: YouTube Beauty: Top 10 Channels to Follow Most of these manicures are done at home. Do you have what it takes? Share your nerdy nail art in the comments below. Photo pinned by Grace Cauley, from The Nailasaurus