If you're not a n00b, then you read Penny Arcade, the long-running video game-themed webcomic by Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik.  In the 15 years since its debut, Penny Arcade has grown far beyond the confines of its panels. Holkins and Krahulik (a.k.a. Tycho and Gabe in the comic) host Penny Arcade Expo (PAX), a series of hugely popular annual gaming festivals. They also star as themselves on their web show, Penny Arcade: The Series. Only this season, they're switching up the programming a bit.  After a successful 2012 crowdfunding drive, a surplus of funds allowed the guys to revisit an idea from the past: a competitive reality show about webcomics. Why couldn't this dream of yesteryear take the place of their web show's third season?  Strip Search, coming soon to the PATV video channel, is that dream. The show pits 12 webcomic creators (six guys and six gals) against each other for a $15,000 cash prize and the opportunity to work out of the Penny Arcade offices for a whole year.  We talked with Holkins, Krahulik and Robert Khoo, Penny Arcade's head of business operations, about the experience of making Strip Search, drama on the set and their own favorite reality shows.  How did the concept for a webcomic reality show originate, and what made it possible? Mike: I think the original idea for Strip Search popped up on a very old podcast ... at least five years ago. We came up with the idea for a reality show for webcomics and it just sort of went by the wayside. It wasn't until recently that Robert came back to us and said, "Hey, were you serious about that? Because we can try it now." Robert: We were in the middle of planning our Kickstarter campaign from 2012, in which we were looking to remove ads off of Penny Arcade, and then we thought a cool "stretch goal" would be actually to do this idea of a reality show based around a webcomic. That, plus us wanting to switch up the format of our own normal reality show.  Were you guys fans of reality TV beforehand? What are your favorite shows? Jerry: I think all people are fans of reality shows. There is a reality show that every person enjoys. You can't really get away from it. This is the kind of television that's being made now.  Mike: I am a huge fan of Kitchen Nightmares. I also enjoy Inkmaster, and I really like Hotel Hell. Really anything with Chef Ramsay I would rate up towards the top. Jerry: I like Master Chef a lot; I like Project Runway, I think that's really great. And have you ever watched RuPaul's Drag Race? It's fucking fascinating!   Robert: My favorite is, without a doubt, Amazing Race. It's interesting, because Amazing Race is what I look for when I'm planning out the Omegathon at PAX ... We've done 12 or 13 of them. What is the format of Strip Search? Robert: It is very traditional in the sense of reality shows. You have 12 artists, the contestants, living in a giant house, and they are, through a structured process, eliminated one by one. That's all we can say. Jerry: It's like Agatha Christie, except everyone is still alive at the end. But there are parallels.  It's not anything that you don't expect as an enthusiast of the genre, I would say. What makes it different is the exact nature of the competition and the fact that we had a real crop of really, really interesting people and we hope to give them plenty of time.  How did you choose contestants? Mike: We did open call on the website. I think we got something like a thousand entries and just whittled down from there until we were left with 12 super talented artists that we were excited to see compete against each other.  Robert: Our hiring process is pretty unique and it's pretty rigorous as far as what we make people go through to work at Penny Arcade. Since one of the prizes for Strip Search was, in fact, to be integrated into the Penny Arcade machine for a full year, all of the contestants essentially went through that same due diligence process that a normal employee would.  Jerry: Writ large. Robert: We had nearly a thousand applicants. We whittled that down round after round, down to like 500, down to 200, down to 50, down to 20, down to 12. Eventually we came up with a group of incredibly talented and, quite frankly, very charismatic people.  Charisma is important if you want them to get along on camera, right? Mike: Well, we didn't necessarily want them to get along in the house. They did. But that was not our intention.  Did you want drama on the show? Mike: It would be fun, yeah. I mean, I wouldn't have minded if somebody had gotten into a fistfight or there had been some sort of rumble in a hot tub. I don't know. None of that actually happened, but it wasn't for lack of trying. Were you surprised that 12 artists could get along in one house? Mike: I was, absolutely. I mean, being an artist myself, I assumed that if you put 12 artists together in a closed space like that, you were sure to get some arguments and some fighting. I certainly would have fought with them. But they all got along really well. And they were friends, which, you know, that was a little disappointing. Robert: To be fair, that's not really true. There is conflict. Don't forget, we have all the interviews, all the one-on-one interviews with everyone, where they actually say their real feelings. It's not all roses. There's definitely conflict. Mike: We never had to call an ambulance to the house. And to me, that's something we need to work on for season two. Jerry: One of the strange things about the process and the house, and the process of making cartoons, or making anything, is that generally speaking, a creative endeavor is very solitary. And other people really don't understand what that's like. Unless you have done it yourself, unless you have committed to turning a blank sheet of paper into something more interesting, there are things about that that you don't understand. And I think that they were all really excited to be in a place where this is actually something that they all understood very well. You're not given many opportunities outside of, you know, Twitter or something like that, but to actually be in a house with other people who understand such a specific personal problem was actually really great, I think, for most of them.  What was your interaction with the housemates like? Mike: Well, Jerry and I had different interaction than Robert did, so I can only say what our part was. We only saw the contestants when it was time to eliminate someone. So after the contest and everything, after all the day's activities were done, they would show up in front of us and we would decide who would go home. Robert: But you would be getting clips and notes throughout the day. Mike: Oh yeah, we had spies everywhere, much like Sauron. We were well-informed of the day's activities. Robert: My interaction with the house was, essentially I was one of the on-site producers. But my actual interaction was to have no interaction with them. Like, I did not speak to them throughout the entire day unless it was especially appropriate for the show, so I was very much part of the crew.  Was it tough not to interact with them? Robert: Yes. I would say that both parties actually really want to interact with one another. Like, I really want to talk to them, because keep in mind: As far as the selection process, 95% of that was me, and so I knew everything about everyone. I knew all their personalities, I knew their Internet history, I knew all the work that they had done and I really wanted to get to know these people, but I could not. And I know that a lot of them wanted to talk to me about Penny Arcade, or about the business side of things, but they could not. So that was challenging, for sure.  Mike and Jerry, what was challenging about judging the contestants? Jerry: I think that judging people is harder than it seems. At least, to their face. It's very easy to watch American Idol or any of these other reality shows and be on your couch judging ... But when the people are in front of you and you can see their lips quivering and their eyes moistening with the prospect of leaving, it makes it tougher. But also sort of more delicious. More savory. Mike: We only got to interact with these people during the most dramatic part of their lives. You had to fuck up in order to get in front of us. They were essentially on our altar, and we had to choose which one to skewer. That was our real job. And that was our only job, every day. Jerry: I learned that I have a taste for blood. But I had to develop it. And it turns out that dashing people's hopes is actually a very tough business if you are the sort of person that has hopes yourself. Like, I know exactly how they feel and what they're up against, trying to lead a creative life. In one hand, I have the life that they want. In the other hand, I have a black sword. And it's hard to have those two things.  Also, right above the space that we did the eliminations was a medical marijuana collective and I don't have a card, so I can't go up there and get any, but a lot of times when we were waiting for the contestants to come, we would have to sit outside in a car for an hour or two, and just seeing people coming in an out of there, with an ounce, two ounces at a time, was hard. That was hard. So would you want to do another season of Strip Search? Mike: I think so. Robert: Our experience was very positive, but what it comes down to is whether or not people want to watch it. I don't want to sound over-dramatic, but I think it was life-changing for everyone involved. Jerry: Yeah, in front of and behind the camera. You know, the reality is — and in this case I'm referring to reality television — the truth of it is that everyone knows about these types of shows. Everyone has seen this type of television program. So everyone understands the sort of tropes that are going on in that kind of entertainment. What was weird was, when you're actually here, being a part of it, you actually can't escape it. It turns out that those tropes have a weird sort of gravity. And things just are occurring to create the maximum drama, without you having to do anything.  That was the weirdest part of the experience for us: actually watching human drama unfold in front of you. We're so geared to look for it by the genre, and we actually had a chance to see it in front of us. It was almost spooky.  Image courtesy of Flickr, Brendan AdkinsIf you're not a n00b, then you read Penny Arcade, the long-running video game-themed webcomic by Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik.  In the 15 years since its debut, Penny Arcade has grown far beyond the confines of its panels. Holkins and Krahulik (a.k.a. Tycho and Gabe in the comic) host Penny Arcade Expo (PAX), a series of hugely popular annual gaming festivals. They also star as themselves on their web show, Penny Arcade: The Series. Only this season, they're switching up the programming a bit.  After a successful 2012 crowdfunding drive, a surplus of funds allowed the guys to revisit an idea from the past: a competitive reality show about webcomics. Why couldn't this dream of yesteryear take the place of their web show's third season?  Strip Search, coming soon to the PATV video channel, is that dream. The show pits 12 webcomic creators (six guys and six gals) against each other for a $15,000 cash prize and the opportunity to work out of the Penny Arcade offices for a whole year.  We talked with Holkins, Krahulik and Robert Khoo, Penny Arcade's head of business operations, about the experience of making Strip Search, drama on the set and their own favorite reality shows.  How did the concept for a webcomic reality show originate, and what made it possible? Mike: I think the original idea for Strip Search popped up on a very old podcast ... at least five years ago. We came up with the idea for a reality show for webcomics and it just sort of went by the wayside. It wasn't until recently that Robert came back to us and said, "Hey, were you serious about that? Because we can try it now." Robert: We were in the middle of planning our Kickstarter campaign from 2012, in which we were looking to remove ads off of Penny Arcade, and then we thought a cool "stretch goal" would be actually to do this idea of a reality show based around a webcomic. That, plus us wanting to switch up the format of our own normal reality show.  Were you guys fans of reality TV beforehand? What are your favorite shows? Jerry: I think all people are fans of reality shows. There is a reality show that every person enjoys. You can't really get away from it. This is the kind of television that's being made now.  Mike: I am a huge fan of Kitchen Nightmares. I also enjoy Inkmaster, and I really like Hotel Hell. Really anything with Chef Ramsay I would rate up towards the top. Jerry: I like Master Chef a lot; I like Project Runway, I think that's really great. And have you ever watched RuPaul's Drag Race? It's fucking fascinating!   Robert: My favorite is, without a doubt, Amazing Race. It's interesting, because Amazing Race is what I look for when I'm planning out the Omegathon at PAX ... We've done 12 or 13 of them. What is the format of Strip Search? Robert: It is very traditional in the sense of reality shows. You have 12 artists, the contestants, living in a giant house, and they are, through a structured process, eliminated one by one. That's all we can say. Jerry: It's like Agatha Christie, except everyone is still alive at the end. But there are parallels.  It's not anything that you don't expect as an enthusiast of the genre, I would say. What makes it different is the exact nature of the competition and the fact that we had a real crop of really, really interesting people and we hope to give them plenty of time.  How did you choose contestants? Mike: We did open call on the website. I think we got something like a thousand entries and just whittled down from there until we were left with 12 super talented artists that we were excited to see compete against each other.  Robert: Our hiring process is pretty unique and it's pretty rigorous as far as what we make people go through to work at Penny Arcade. Since one of the prizes for Strip Search was, in fact, to be integrated into the Penny Arcade machine for a full year, all of the contestants essentially went through that same due diligence process that a normal employee would.  Jerry: Writ large. Robert: We had nearly a thousand applicants. We whittled that down round after round, down to like 500, down to 200, down to 50, down to 20, down to 12. Eventually we came up with a group of incredibly talented and, quite frankly, very charismatic people.  Charisma is important if you want them to get along on camera, right? Mike: Well, we didn't necessarily want them to get along in the house. They did. But that was not our intention.  Did you want drama on the show? Mike: It would be fun, yeah. I mean, I wouldn't have minded if somebody had gotten into a fistfight or there had been some sort of rumble in a hot tub. I don't know. None of that actually happened, but it wasn't for lack of trying. Were you surprised that 12 artists could get along in one house? Mike: I was, absolutely. I mean, being an artist myself, I assumed that if you put 12 artists together in a closed space like that, you were sure to get some arguments and some fighting. I certainly would have fought with them. But they all got along really well. And they were friends, which, you know, that was a little disappointing. Robert: To be fair, that's not really true. There is conflict. Don't forget, we have all the interviews, all the one-on-one interviews with everyone, where they actually say their real feelings. It's not all roses. There's definitely conflict. Mike: We never had to call an ambulance to the house. And to me, that's something we need to work on for season two. Jerry: One of the strange things about the process and the house, and the process of making cartoons, or making anything, is that generally speaking, a creative endeavor is very solitary. And other people really don't understand what that's like. Unless you have done it yourself, unless you have committed to turning a blank sheet of paper into something more interesting, there are things about that that you don't understand. And I think that they were all really excited to be in a place where this is actually something that they all understood very well. You're not given many opportunities outside of, you know, Twitter or something like that, but to actually be in a house with other people who understand such a specific personal problem was actually really great, I think, for most of them.  What was your interaction with the housemates like? Mike: Well, Jerry and I had different interaction than Robert did, so I can only say what our part was. We only saw the contestants when it was time to eliminate someone. So after the contest and everything, after all the day's activities were done, they would show up in front of us and we would decide who would go home. Robert: But you would be getting clips and notes throughout the day. Mike: Oh yeah, we had spies everywhere, much like Sauron. We were well-informed of the day's activities. Robert: My interaction with the house was, essentially I was one of the on-site producers. But my actual interaction was to have no interaction with them. Like, I did not speak to them throughout the entire day unless it was especially appropriate for the show, so I was very much part of the crew.  Was it tough not to interact with them? Robert: Yes. I would say that both parties actually really want to interact with one another. Like, I really want to talk to them, because keep in mind: As far as the selection process, 95% of that was me, and so I knew everything about everyone. I knew all their personalities, I knew their Internet history, I knew all the work that they had done and I really wanted to get to know these people, but I could not. And I know that a lot of them wanted to talk to me about Penny Arcade, or about the business side of things, but they could not. So that was challenging, for sure.  Mike and Jerry, what was challenging about judging the contestants? Jerry: I think that judging people is harder than it seems. At least, to their face. It's very easy to watch American Idol or any of these other reality shows and be on your couch judging ... But when the people are in front of you and you can see their lips quivering and their eyes moistening with the prospect of leaving, it makes it tougher. But also sort of more delicious. More savory. Mike: We only got to interact with these people during the most dramatic part of their lives. You had to fuck up in order to get in front of us. They were essentially on our altar, and we had to choose which one to skewer. That was our real job. And that was our only job, every day. Jerry: I learned that I have a taste for blood. But I had to develop it. And it turns out that dashing people's hopes is actually a very tough business if you are the sort of person that has hopes yourself. Like, I know exactly how they feel and what they're up against, trying to lead a creative life. In one hand, I have the life that they want. In the other hand, I have a black sword. And it's hard to have those two things.  Also, right above the space that we did the eliminations was a medical marijuana collective and I don't have a card, so I can't go up there and get any, but a lot of times when we were waiting for the contestants to come, we would have to sit outside in a car for an hour or two, and just seeing people coming in an out of there, with an ounce, two ounces at a time, was hard. That was hard. So would you want to do another season of Strip Search? Mike: I think so. Robert: Our experience was very positive, but what it comes down to is whether or not people want to watch it. I don't want to sound over-dramatic, but I think it was life-changing for everyone involved. Jerry: Yeah, in front of and behind the camera. You know, the reality is — and in this case I'm referring to reality television — the truth of it is that everyone knows about these types of shows. Everyone has seen this type of television program. So everyone understands the sort of tropes that are going on in that kind of entertainment. What was weird was, when you're actually here, being a part of it, you actually can't escape it. It turns out that those tropes have a weird sort of gravity. And things just are occurring to create the maximum drama, without you having to do anything.  That was the weirdest part of the experience for us: actually watching human drama unfold in front of you. We're so geared to look for it by the genre, and we actually had a chance to see it in front of us. It was almost spooky.  Image courtesy of Flickr, Brendan Adkins