Apple has been slammed with another suit, this time by Russian Railways, which claims the hardware giant has infringed on its trademark. The Russian company is seeking $65,000 compensation for use of its logo in a third party app, "Railway Tariff," sold in the App Store, RT reports. Railway Tariff lets users track cargo-delivery costs and times across the country. A release from Russian Railways, translated by Google from Russian, states: Clarification of the lawsuit JSC "Russian Railways" company to Apple Inc.JSC "Russian Railways" to the Arbitration Court of Moscow with a claim concerning infringement of the exclusive right to the trademark under the certificate No. 341333 by Apple Inc. We are talking about the use of the trademark of "Russian Railways" in the online store Apple Store by posting pictures.The Company intends to continue to protect its intellectual property, especially as the decision of the Federal Service for Intellectual Property of the trademark [is] recognized as well known in the Russian Federation. SEE ALSO: Swiss Federal Railways Says Apple Stole Its Clock The Russian Railways' suit follows another European rail company's case against Apple last year. In September, Swiss Federal Railways sued Apple for stealing its clock design. The Swiss company was awarded $21 million in November 2011. Do you think Russian Railways will have the same luck as the Swiss, or does its case seem weaker? Let us know in the comments below. Image courtesy of Flickr, mueritzApple has been slammed with another suit, this time by Russian Railways, which claims the hardware giant has infringed on its trademark. The Russian company is seeking $65,000 compensation for use of its logo in a third party app, "Railway Tariff," sold in the App Store, RT reports. Railway Tariff lets users track cargo-delivery costs and times across the country. A release from Russian Railways, translated by Google from Russian, states: Clarification of the lawsuit JSC "Russian Railways" company to Apple Inc.JSC "Russian Railways" to the Arbitration Court of Moscow with a claim concerning infringement of the exclusive right to the trademark under the certificate No. 341333 by Apple Inc. We are talking about the use of the trademark of "Russian Railways" in the online store Apple Store by posting pictures.The Company intends to continue to protect its intellectual property, especially as the decision of the Federal Service for Intellectual Property of the trademark [is] recognized as well known in the Russian Federation. SEE ALSO: Swiss Federal Railways Says Apple Stole Its Clock The Russian Railways' suit follows another European rail company's case against Apple last year. In September, Swiss Federal Railways sued Apple for stealing its clock design. The Swiss company was awarded $21 million in November 2011. Do you think Russian Railways will have the same luck as the Swiss, or does its case seem weaker? Let us know in the comments below. Image courtesy of Flickr, mueritz