A full sequel to the mobile smash hit Temple Run was spotted in the New Zealand version of the App Store Wednesday night. Imangi Studios had been completely silent on Temple Run 2, but Touch Arcade downloaded a copy as soon as it went live there. According to game screenshots, the endless runner builds on the same formula that brought success to Temple Run, setting players to flee from a giant monkey in an ancient temple. Temple Run was released in 2011 first for iOS, then ported to Google Play and Amazon's App Store in 2012. It has been downloaded more than 170 million times by players around the world. In summer of 2012, Imangi Studios partnered with Disney to release Temple Run: Brave as a tie-in for the Disney-Pixar release.  Temple Run will be available in the U.S. App Store at midnight on Thursday. There's no word on a version for Android. Come back tomorrow to read an interview with Temple Run developer Keith Shepherd of Imangi Studios, as well as additional information about the game.A full sequel to the mobile smash hit Temple Run was spotted in the New Zealand version of the App Store Wednesday night. Imangi Studios had been completely silent on Temple Run 2, but Touch Arcade downloaded a copy as soon as it went live there. According to game screenshots, the endless runner builds on the same formula that brought success to Temple Run, setting players to flee from a giant monkey in an ancient temple. Temple Run was released in 2011 first for iOS, then ported to Google Play and Amazon's App Store in 2012. It has been downloaded more than 170 million times by players around the world. In summer of 2012, Imangi Studios partnered with Disney to release Temple Run: Brave as a tie-in for the Disney-Pixar release.  Temple Run will be available in the U.S. App Store at midnight on Thursday. There's no word on a version for Android. Come back tomorrow to read an interview with Temple Run developer Keith Shepherd of Imangi Studios, as well as additional information about the game.