Season four of the Comedy Central hit Workaholics premieres Wednesday night, marking the return of ne'er-do-wells Adam, Blake and Ders to college living rooms across the country.  The sitcom follows the three twenty-somethings as they party, get into mischief and generally screw off at their lame telemarketing job in Southern California. Its offbeat humor, clever dialogue and irreverent take on post-grad life have made Workaholics a cult favorite beyond just the college set, and an AMA the co-stars did on Tuesday was up-voted to Reddit's top spot.  Comedy Central has posted more than 50 Workaholics clips to YouTube, but the trio likely would have never made it to TV in the first place if not for the video sharing network.  Comedy Central picked up the show in 2010 based on the humor and popularity of Adam DeVine, Blake Anderson and Anders Holm's YouTube channel Mail Order Comedy and their online series 5th Year. The rest, as they say, is history — but their path from web to broadcast reflects an increasingly common method of making it big and the wider range of possibilities facilitated by the social web.  "The way this show evolved from a 5th Year and Mail Order Comedy webisode concept into a Comedy Central series is an example of how creative talent can use these two complimentary media platforms,” David Pritchard, head of the production company Gigapix Studios, said in a press release when Workaholics was picked up.   The gallery above includes a handful of Mail Order Comedy's funniest throwback videos, all uploaded between three and six years ago. Check it out to see what the flakiest workaholics around were up to before they became superstars. For more, head over to the YouTube channel itself. Thumbnail image courtesy Comedy Central via YouTubeSeason four of the Comedy Central hit Workaholics premieres Wednesday night, marking the return of ne'er-do-wells Adam, Blake and Ders to college living rooms across the country.  The sitcom follows the three twenty-somethings as they party, get into mischief and generally screw off at their lame telemarketing job in Southern California. Its offbeat humor, clever dialogue and irreverent take on post-grad life have made Workaholics a cult favorite beyond just the college set, and an AMA the co-stars did on Tuesday was up-voted to Reddit's top spot.  Comedy Central has posted more than 50 Workaholics clips to YouTube, but the trio likely would have never made it to TV in the first place if not for the video sharing network.  Comedy Central picked up the show in 2010 based on the humor and popularity of Adam DeVine, Blake Anderson and Anders Holm's YouTube channel Mail Order Comedy and their online series 5th Year. The rest, as they say, is history — but their path from web to broadcast reflects an increasingly common method of making it big and the wider range of possibilities facilitated by the social web.  "The way this show evolved from a 5th Year and Mail Order Comedy webisode concept into a Comedy Central series is an example of how creative talent can use these two complimentary media platforms,” David Pritchard, head of the production company Gigapix Studios, said in a press release when Workaholics was picked up.   The gallery above includes a handful of Mail Order Comedy's funniest throwback videos, all uploaded between three and six years ago. Check it out to see what the flakiest workaholics around were up to before they became superstars. For more, head over to the YouTube channel itself. Thumbnail image courtesy Comedy Central via YouTube