The Empire State Building wants New Yorkers and the rest of the world to choose the official standard colors for its new LED tower lights.  The new LED lighting system of the Empire State Building, designed by Philips Color Kinetics, allows customized lighting from a palette of over 16 million colors, as well as many special effects and animations.  Starting tonight through January 20, each night the Empire State Building will shine each of its sides in a different shade of the same color. The colors on offer will be red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple and pink, meaning the total number of choices will be 28.  "Since many people have expressed interest in requesting colors for our lights, this is their chance to get involved, helping us select the Empire State Building's new standard LED colors for our tower," said Anthony E. Malkin, President of Malkin Holdings which supervises the Empire State Building.  Everyone interested in choosing which exact colors will be used for ESB's LED lights can head up to the building's official Facebook page and vote for their preferences. Voters will also be able to share their picks via Twitter, Facebook or Pinterest.  The final seven colors will be announced the week of Jan. 21, 2013. The Empire State Building often uses its lighting to celebrate or highlight certain events, such as President's Obama's re-election, pictured above. In case you're wondering, @esb_lights is an unofficial Twitter account that explains the meaning of ESB's lighting on any given day.  Image credit: Flickr, david_shankboneThe Empire State Building wants New Yorkers and the rest of the world to choose the official standard colors for its new LED tower lights.  The new LED lighting system of the Empire State Building, designed by Philips Color Kinetics, allows customized lighting from a palette of over 16 million colors, as well as many special effects and animations.  Starting tonight through January 20, each night the Empire State Building will shine each of its sides in a different shade of the same color. The colors on offer will be red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple and pink, meaning the total number of choices will be 28.  "Since many people have expressed interest in requesting colors for our lights, this is their chance to get involved, helping us select the Empire State Building's new standard LED colors for our tower," said Anthony E. Malkin, President of Malkin Holdings which supervises the Empire State Building.  Everyone interested in choosing which exact colors will be used for ESB's LED lights can head up to the building's official Facebook page and vote for their preferences. Voters will also be able to share their picks via Twitter, Facebook or Pinterest.  The final seven colors will be announced the week of Jan. 21, 2013. The Empire State Building often uses its lighting to celebrate or highlight certain events, such as President's Obama's re-election, pictured above. In case you're wondering, @esb_lights is an unofficial Twitter account that explains the meaning of ESB's lighting on any given day.  Image credit: Flickr, david_shankbone