 The next time you find yourself grumbling while browsing eHarmony, take a second to reflect back on a time before online dating, when you couldn't stalk potential dates on Facebook. That scary time was called the '80s. Yes, curling up with your iPad on the couch to peruse mate candidates can be frustrating. But imagine instead sifting through hours of VHS footage of lonely dudes. SEE ALSO: Create a Fake Girlfriend on Facebook for Just $39.99
 Still distraught over the modern challenges of mate selection? Prepare to — beep beep — backup on those grumbles after watching YouTube user SuperZen2012's montage of 80s video dating. BONUS: 10 Valentine's Day Cards for Your Special Tech Geek What does this mean? It means you can send your sweetie a magnificent meme. Cost: $3.75 Tell someone special how you feel. There's also a "Poke" design if you're feeling cheeky. Cost: $4 for one, $10 for a set of four It's a bold statement, so don't send it unless you mean it. Cost: $6.36 Simple but very effective, we ♥ this card. Cost: $4 This custom QR code card can be personalized with a sappy message. Cost: $6.95 Here's one for the special Twitter addict in your life. Cost: $4 And we all know how awesome that is! Cost: $5.50 There's nothing like a Wi-Fi analogy to get a geek hot under the collar. Cost: $3.75 If robots had hearts, we'd want them to look like this. Cost: $4 Finally, say it with fonts, not flowers.  Cost: $3 Image courtesy of Flickr, russbrady22 The next time you find yourself grumbling while browsing eHarmony, take a second to reflect back on a time before online dating, when you couldn't stalk potential dates on Facebook. That scary time was called the '80s. Yes, curling up with your iPad on the couch to peruse mate candidates can be frustrating. But imagine instead sifting through hours of VHS footage of lonely dudes. SEE ALSO: Create a Fake Girlfriend on Facebook for Just $39.99
 Still distraught over the modern challenges of mate selection? Prepare to — beep beep — backup on those grumbles after watching YouTube user SuperZen2012's montage of 80s video dating. BONUS: 10 Valentine's Day Cards for Your Special Tech Geek What does this mean? It means you can send your sweetie a magnificent meme. Cost: $3.75 Tell someone special how you feel. There's also a "Poke" design if you're feeling cheeky. Cost: $4 for one, $10 for a set of four It's a bold statement, so don't send it unless you mean it. Cost: $6.36 Simple but very effective, we ♥ this card. Cost: $4 This custom QR code card can be personalized with a sappy message. Cost: $6.95 Here's one for the special Twitter addict in your life. Cost: $4 And we all know how awesome that is! Cost: $5.50 There's nothing like a Wi-Fi analogy to get a geek hot under the collar. Cost: $3.75 If robots had hearts, we'd want them to look like this. Cost: $4 Finally, say it with fonts, not flowers.  Cost: $3 Image courtesy of Flickr, russbrady22