No one likes a trip to the doctor. Triple that dread if you're a child-turned-banshee once a needle comes into the picture.  There's an app for that, and just in time for flu season. Healthline Networks launched a "Big Shots Get Shots" campaign to help children overcome their needle fear, or trypanophobia.  Along with a free iPhone app to distract little ones on the examining table, the campaign encourages parents to take an online pledge to end needle phobia. The pledge is designed to be shared on social networks to spread awareness on what doctors say is a life-threatening aversion.  "Big Shots Get Shots" takes users on a journey with Pablo the Pufferfish, who's afraid of his own needles. Serving as an interactive storybook, the app distracts children with cute sea creatures,  Jigsaw puzzles and drag and drop games.  SEE ALSO: App Game for Kids Encourages Healthy Eating
 So while your eyes may widen at that syringe (an estimated 50 million Americans are afraid of shots), your child will be too busy watching Pablo learn how needles protect. Watch the app demo here.  Kids today get more shots than previous generations, needle phobia expert Dr. Amy Baxter says in a Healthline press release. Early fear of needles leads to people not completing their immunizations, and carries on to adulthood. That's where technology comes in handy.  "Another approach is to let the child choose a distraction, like seek and find games or a favorite iPad app," Baxter says on the site. "The more sensations you can involve, the better." Do you think apps can help get rid of phobias? Do you use any particular health apps to educate and distract your kids? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Flickr, ZaldyImgNo one likes a trip to the doctor. Triple that dread if you're a child-turned-banshee once a needle comes into the picture.  There's an app for that, and just in time for flu season. Healthline Networks launched a "Big Shots Get Shots" campaign to help children overcome their needle fear, or trypanophobia.  Along with a free iPhone app to distract little ones on the examining table, the campaign encourages parents to take an online pledge to end needle phobia. The pledge is designed to be shared on social networks to spread awareness on what doctors say is a life-threatening aversion.  "Big Shots Get Shots" takes users on a journey with Pablo the Pufferfish, who's afraid of his own needles. Serving as an interactive storybook, the app distracts children with cute sea creatures,  Jigsaw puzzles and drag and drop games.  SEE ALSO: App Game for Kids Encourages Healthy Eating
 So while your eyes may widen at that syringe (an estimated 50 million Americans are afraid of shots), your child will be too busy watching Pablo learn how needles protect. Watch the app demo here.  Kids today get more shots than previous generations, needle phobia expert Dr. Amy Baxter says in a Healthline press release. Early fear of needles leads to people not completing their immunizations, and carries on to adulthood. That's where technology comes in handy.  "Another approach is to let the child choose a distraction, like seek and find games or a favorite iPad app," Baxter says on the site. "The more sensations you can involve, the better." Do you think apps can help get rid of phobias? Do you use any particular health apps to educate and distract your kids? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Flickr, ZaldyImg