If you'd prefer to have your "deck" open all the time (rather than just when you mouse over it), you can "pin" it open by hitting the drawing pin icon at the top-left of the shaded area.  When you're in the "People" view, you can listen to a playlist of your friend's "Profile songs."  Simply click on "Play all" on the left side of your display to generate the playlist. If you want to hide a mix from your profile while you're creating it, simply check the "Hide this mix from my public profile" box. When you're ready to go public, just uncheck the box.  You can drag and drop content into your deck to start radio, add to your queue or create a mix. Just click on the item and drag it into your deck area for further options. This handy diagram explains what Myspace's various connection icons mean.  You can share a mix with a friend. Hover over the circular icon on the top-right of the mix and select "Send as message."  As well as music and videos, you can add images to a mix either by dragging and dropping or by uploading from your computer.  You can view the pictures by clicking on "Play slideshow" option on the left side of your screen, once you're in a mix. Myspace adds your location by default. You can delete it by hitting the cross icon and change it by typing in a new location.  Have you signed up for the new Myspace? If so, we have some useful tips and tricks that will help you get the most out of the revamped social network.  Whether you want to add music to mixes more easily, understand how connections work or change your location in your posts, our easy guide can assist you. SEE ALSO: The New Myspace: Here's How to Get Started
 Take a look through our handy hints in the image gallery above. Share in the comments below any new Myspace tips and tricks you've found useful. Thumbnail image courtesy of MyspaceIf you'd prefer to have your "deck" open all the time (rather than just when you mouse over it), you can "pin" it open by hitting the drawing pin icon at the top-left of the shaded area.  When you're in the "People" view, you can listen to a playlist of your friend's "Profile songs."  Simply click on "Play all" on the left side of your display to generate the playlist. If you want to hide a mix from your profile while you're creating it, simply check the "Hide this mix from my public profile" box. When you're ready to go public, just uncheck the box.  You can drag and drop content into your deck to start radio, add to your queue or create a mix. Just click on the item and drag it into your deck area for further options. This handy diagram explains what Myspace's various connection icons mean.  You can share a mix with a friend. Hover over the circular icon on the top-right of the mix and select "Send as message."  As well as music and videos, you can add images to a mix either by dragging and dropping or by uploading from your computer.  You can view the pictures by clicking on "Play slideshow" option on the left side of your screen, once you're in a mix. Myspace adds your location by default. You can delete it by hitting the cross icon and change it by typing in a new location.  Have you signed up for the new Myspace? If so, we have some useful tips and tricks that will help you get the most out of the revamped social network.  Whether you want to add music to mixes more easily, understand how connections work or change your location in your posts, our easy guide can assist you. SEE ALSO: The New Myspace: Here's How to Get Started
 Take a look through our handy hints in the image gallery above. Share in the comments below any new Myspace tips and tricks you've found useful. Thumbnail image courtesy of Myspace