Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Changzhou, China is home to a bizzarre world of rides, food and fun: A World of Warcraft-style theme park that's completely unlicensed by Blizzard, maker of the Warcraft series. The park opened in the summer of last year. It reportedly cost $48 million to build and is "pretty huge," according to Reddit user Francesca Timbers who originally posted these pictures republished here with permission. "I thought it was great," posted Timbers. "A lot of the rides used 4-D and special effects, which I hand't experienced much of before. There was a good roller coaster with loops, where you are lying horizontally, face forward, like you are flying. That was my favourite ride. The water log ride ('splash of monster blood') was pretty good too." SEE ALSO: Why 'World of Warcraft' Might Get You More Dates Than Match.com
 Another weird tidbit: Some rides have a "happiness index," showing, we believe, the intensity of the ride. While most of the park is Warcraft-flavored, one section is dedicated to another Blizzard favorite: Starcraft. For the rest of Timbers' pictures and more details about her trip to the utterly weird theme park, visit her Reddit thread. Would you book a trip to China to get out to this theme park? Images courtesy Francesca TimbersImage credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Image credit Francesca Timbers Changzhou, China is home to a bizzarre world of rides, food and fun: A World of Warcraft-style theme park that's completely unlicensed by Blizzard, maker of the Warcraft series. The park opened in the summer of last year. It reportedly cost $48 million to build and is "pretty huge," according to Reddit user Francesca Timbers who originally posted these pictures republished here with permission. "I thought it was great," posted Timbers. "A lot of the rides used 4-D and special effects, which I hand't experienced much of before. There was a good roller coaster with loops, where you are lying horizontally, face forward, like you are flying. That was my favourite ride. The water log ride ('splash of monster blood') was pretty good too." SEE ALSO: Why 'World of Warcraft' Might Get You More Dates Than Match.com
 Another weird tidbit: Some rides have a "happiness index," showing, we believe, the intensity of the ride. While most of the park is Warcraft-flavored, one section is dedicated to another Blizzard favorite: Starcraft. For the rest of Timbers' pictures and more details about her trip to the utterly weird theme park, visit her Reddit thread. Would you book a trip to China to get out to this theme park? Images courtesy Francesca Timbers