Google launched on Monday its sixth annual Google Doodle competition, encouraging young students to design their own Google logo for the search engine giant's homepage. Starting today, the program — Doodle 4 Google — is calling for submissions from students in Kindergarten through grade 12. Google said a panel of celebrity judges and a public vote will be factored into the decision. The top winner will take home a $30,000 scholarship, while the student's school will receive a $50,000 technology grant.  This year's theme is "my best day ever," which aims to give kids a chance to "explore themes that could be imaginary, exploratory or even sentimental, past, present or future," Google said. SEE ALSO: The 10 Most Popular Google Doodles of 2012
 The winning doodle from each of the 50 U.S. states will go on display at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City from May 22 to July 14.  Last year, more than 114,000 doodles were submitted for the theme of "If I could travel in time, I'd visit..." A drawing from Wisconsin-based Dylan Hoffman, age 7, that portrayed a pirate looking for treasure on an island came in first place.Google launched on Monday its sixth annual Google Doodle competition, encouraging young students to design their own Google logo for the search engine giant's homepage. Starting today, the program — Doodle 4 Google — is calling for submissions from students in Kindergarten through grade 12. Google said a panel of celebrity judges and a public vote will be factored into the decision. The top winner will take home a $30,000 scholarship, while the student's school will receive a $50,000 technology grant.  This year's theme is "my best day ever," which aims to give kids a chance to "explore themes that could be imaginary, exploratory or even sentimental, past, present or future," Google said. SEE ALSO: The 10 Most Popular Google Doodles of 2012
 The winning doodle from each of the 50 U.S. states will go on display at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City from May 22 to July 14.  Last year, more than 114,000 doodles were submitted for the theme of "If I could travel in time, I'd visit..." A drawing from Wisconsin-based Dylan Hoffman, age 7, that portrayed a pirate looking for treasure on an island came in first place.