The National Rifle Association released on Monday a first-person shooter for the iPhone and iPad — one month to the day after a tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., left 26 dead. The game, "NRA: Practice Range," has two modes. The first, a "Safety, Training and Education" section, has "2nd Amendment newsfeeds, gun law information centers and educational materials that you can access anywhere, anytime," according to the game's iTunes description. The second is "Target Practice," which is designed to instill "safe and responsible ownership through fun challenges and realistic simulations." Target Practice has nine firearms (including an unlockable AK-47 and an MK-11 sniper rifle) and three shooting ranges.  Between shooting sessions, players are presented with various gun safety tips, including "always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction."  Practice Range's release comes with a degree of irony: NRA chief Wayne LaPierre blasted violent video games in the organization's post-Sandy Hook press conference. During that conference, LaPierre accused "vicious violent video games, with names like Bulletstorm, Grand Theft Auto, Mortal Kombat, and Splatterhouse" of contributing to a violent society.  SEE ALSO: Joe Biden Asked Not to Investigate Violent Video Games
 Admittedly, Practice Range is one of the least violent iOS games involving guns in the App Store: Players shoot either clay disks or targets that almost, but not quite, look like human beings. The game was developed by MEDL Mobile, makers of other titles including "Shotgun Free," which invites players to "unleash a high-caliber hell storm." NRA: Practice Range is rated appropriate for players ages four and older. Photos courtesy the National Rifle AssociationThe National Rifle Association released on Monday a first-person shooter for the iPhone and iPad — one month to the day after a tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., left 26 dead. The game, "NRA: Practice Range," has two modes. The first, a "Safety, Training and Education" section, has "2nd Amendment newsfeeds, gun law information centers and educational materials that you can access anywhere, anytime," according to the game's iTunes description. The second is "Target Practice," which is designed to instill "safe and responsible ownership through fun challenges and realistic simulations." Target Practice has nine firearms (including an unlockable AK-47 and an MK-11 sniper rifle) and three shooting ranges.  Between shooting sessions, players are presented with various gun safety tips, including "always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction."  Practice Range's release comes with a degree of irony: NRA chief Wayne LaPierre blasted violent video games in the organization's post-Sandy Hook press conference. During that conference, LaPierre accused "vicious violent video games, with names like Bulletstorm, Grand Theft Auto, Mortal Kombat, and Splatterhouse" of contributing to a violent society.  SEE ALSO: Joe Biden Asked Not to Investigate Violent Video Games
 Admittedly, Practice Range is one of the least violent iOS games involving guns in the App Store: Players shoot either clay disks or targets that almost, but not quite, look like human beings. The game was developed by MEDL Mobile, makers of other titles including "Shotgun Free," which invites players to "unleash a high-caliber hell storm." NRA: Practice Range is rated appropriate for players ages four and older. Photos courtesy the National Rifle Association