Online dating services want you to spend less time on your couch and more time meeting potential partners. The latest scheme? From the founders of OkCupid, a mobile app called Crazy Blind Date that serves up just what its name implies. Here's how it works: After downloading the app to your iOS [iTunes link] or Android [Google Play link] device, you'll be asked to choose a picture of yourself, which the app will then divide up and scramble, Rubik's Cube-style, to distort your identity. (You can rearrange the tiles to make your facial features a little more distinct, if you wish.) You'll also hand over your age, gender and sexual orientation, or you can connect your OkCupid account to import that information automatically. Next, you'll tell Crazy Blind Date when you're available and a few locations you'd be open to meeting at (say, 7 p.m. tonight at a bar in lower Manhattan). If a match is found, the app will message you to confirm the place and time. A half hour before the date is set to start, an anonymous chat window will appear so you can find your date (and help your date find you).  A few hours after the meeting, Crazy Blind Date will send you a request for feedback — and here's where the app's monetization strategy kicks in. If you had a good date, you'll be encouraged to give your date kudos: one kudos ($0.99) if you liked your date, and 10 kudos ($2.99) if you really liked him or her. The more kudos someone has, the higher he or she will be positioned in the dating queue. OkCupid co-founder Sam Yagan is betting that women will be the ones to pay for this, at a ratio of about 3:1. Whether or not the dates give each other kudos, they still have the option (if both parties agree) to message each other to set up a second date. Yagan says the app isn't so much designed to help people meet their life partners as to enable them to have fun. "A lot of dates aren't going to work, but you are going to meet someone interesting," Yagan told Mashable in an interview last month. "And you're going to have a lot of stories." Image courtesy of Flickr, GollyGForceOnline dating services want you to spend less time on your couch and more time meeting potential partners. The latest scheme? From the founders of OkCupid, a mobile app called Crazy Blind Date that serves up just what its name implies. Here's how it works: After downloading the app to your iOS [iTunes link] or Android [Google Play link] device, you'll be asked to choose a picture of yourself, which the app will then divide up and scramble, Rubik's Cube-style, to distort your identity. (You can rearrange the tiles to make your facial features a little more distinct, if you wish.) You'll also hand over your age, gender and sexual orientation, or you can connect your OkCupid account to import that information automatically. Next, you'll tell Crazy Blind Date when you're available and a few locations you'd be open to meeting at (say, 7 p.m. tonight at a bar in lower Manhattan). If a match is found, the app will message you to confirm the place and time. A half hour before the date is set to start, an anonymous chat window will appear so you can find your date (and help your date find you).  A few hours after the meeting, Crazy Blind Date will send you a request for feedback — and here's where the app's monetization strategy kicks in. If you had a good date, you'll be encouraged to give your date kudos: one kudos ($0.99) if you liked your date, and 10 kudos ($2.99) if you really liked him or her. The more kudos someone has, the higher he or she will be positioned in the dating queue. OkCupid co-founder Sam Yagan is betting that women will be the ones to pay for this, at a ratio of about 3:1. Whether or not the dates give each other kudos, they still have the option (if both parties agree) to message each other to set up a second date. Yagan says the app isn't so much designed to help people meet their life partners as to enable them to have fun. "A lot of dates aren't going to work, but you are going to meet someone interesting," Yagan told Mashable in an interview last month. "And you're going to have a lot of stories." Image courtesy of Flickr, GollyGForce