Facebook's big search announcement appears to have unnerved investors for at least one tech company: Yelp.  Yelp's stock dropped by more than 8% on Tuesday to as low as $20.16 a share after Facebook announced the beta version of a smarter search engine called Graph Search. The new search tool lets Facebook users search for businesses based on their social graph, using queries like "sushi restaurants that my friends have been to in Los Angeles." While the feature is still in its early stages, it poses a potential threat to Yelp, a company whose bread and butter is serving as a resource to recommend businesses to consumers. Yelp may have 84 million monthly visitors and tons of 33 million reviews, but Facebook may reduce the incentive to check those reviews if it can quickly suggest a restaurant based on where one's friends have gone. Yelp isn't the only company whose stock dropped right after the Facebook announcement.  IAC/InterActiveCorp, the company that owns Match.com and OkCupid, saw its stock drop by more than 2% as Facebook demonstrated how one could potentially use Graph Search as a dating tool to look up single people in a specific region who are friends with your friends.  LinkedIn's stock also dipped slightly by about 0.3% after the announcement, perhaps in reaction to the fact that Graph Search can pull up job opportunities from your social graph. Facebook's stock, meanwhile, was down by more than 2% in trading as of publication, as investors appeared disappointed the company didn't announce other rumored products like a Facebook phone, operating system, new ad products or a more traditional search engine that pulls up links. Image courtesy of Flickr, jakrapongFacebook's big search announcement appears to have unnerved investors for at least one tech company: Yelp.  Yelp's stock dropped by more than 8% on Tuesday to as low as $20.16 a share after Facebook announced the beta version of a smarter search engine called Graph Search. The new search tool lets Facebook users search for businesses based on their social graph, using queries like "sushi restaurants that my friends have been to in Los Angeles." While the feature is still in its early stages, it poses a potential threat to Yelp, a company whose bread and butter is serving as a resource to recommend businesses to consumers. Yelp may have 84 million monthly visitors and tons of 33 million reviews, but Facebook may reduce the incentive to check those reviews if it can quickly suggest a restaurant based on where one's friends have gone. Yelp isn't the only company whose stock dropped right after the Facebook announcement.  IAC/InterActiveCorp, the company that owns Match.com and OkCupid, saw its stock drop by more than 2% as Facebook demonstrated how one could potentially use Graph Search as a dating tool to look up single people in a specific region who are friends with your friends.  LinkedIn's stock also dipped slightly by about 0.3% after the announcement, perhaps in reaction to the fact that Graph Search can pull up job opportunities from your social graph. Facebook's stock, meanwhile, was down by more than 2% in trading as of publication, as investors appeared disappointed the company didn't announce other rumored products like a Facebook phone, operating system, new ad products or a more traditional search engine that pulls up links. Image courtesy of Flickr, jakrapong