Here at Mashable we love a good prank. If your office could stand to liven up a bit, why not try one of our fun tricks on your co-workers? We've gone old school with a selection of absolutely classic workplace pranks that never go out of fashion.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Take a look through our list of ideas for some devious inspiration. Share in the comments below any dastardly tricks you've successfully played on your colleagues.  Find the number for your nearest zoo. Give your colleague a message to call and ask to speak with Mrs. C Lyon.  Change a colleague's email signature to read "Lots of love and hugs, [Their Name]." Hide a wireless doorbell in your colleague's office/cubicle/desk. Keep ringing it. Make your colleague a new folder on his or her desktop. Label it for maximum embarrassment. "My Nudey Pics" works well. Stick a coin to the floor in a busy area of your workplace. See how many people bend down to pick it up. Get a wireless mouse with a tiny USB receiver and plug it into your colleague's computer. Give the mouse a wiggle every now and then. Find some double-sided sticky tape. Tape your colleague's phone handset down to the base. Dial his number and watch as the entire phone lifts up when he answers.  Collaborate with colleagues to phone your victim repeatedly asking for "Bill." At the end of the day, get someone to call pretending to be Bill asking if there are any messages for him. Super glue your colleague's pens to her desk. It's simple, but very effective.  Finally, why not "decorate" a colleague's office/cubicle/desk with images of The Bieb? They'll secretly love it. Image courtesy of wetwebworkHere at Mashable we love a good prank. If your office could stand to liven up a bit, why not try one of our fun tricks on your co-workers? We've gone old school with a selection of absolutely classic workplace pranks that never go out of fashion.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Take a look through our list of ideas for some devious inspiration. Share in the comments below any dastardly tricks you've successfully played on your colleagues.  Find the number for your nearest zoo. Give your colleague a message to call and ask to speak with Mrs. C Lyon.  Change a colleague's email signature to read "Lots of love and hugs, [Their Name]." Hide a wireless doorbell in your colleague's office/cubicle/desk. Keep ringing it. Make your colleague a new folder on his or her desktop. Label it for maximum embarrassment. "My Nudey Pics" works well. Stick a coin to the floor in a busy area of your workplace. See how many people bend down to pick it up. Get a wireless mouse with a tiny USB receiver and plug it into your colleague's computer. Give the mouse a wiggle every now and then. Find some double-sided sticky tape. Tape your colleague's phone handset down to the base. Dial his number and watch as the entire phone lifts up when he answers.  Collaborate with colleagues to phone your victim repeatedly asking for "Bill." At the end of the day, get someone to call pretending to be Bill asking if there are any messages for him. Super glue your colleague's pens to her desk. It's simple, but very effective.  Finally, why not "decorate" a colleague's office/cubicle/desk with images of The Bieb? They'll secretly love it. Image courtesy of wetwebwork