If your Facebook profile could look like an object, what would it be? The Creators Project is launching a series of three new apps that transform your Facebook persona into 3D printable art. By looking at your Facebook interests, Likes, relationships and status updates, the apps — called Monster Me, Crystallized and Astroverb — create an abstract sculpture that embodies your online presence. The project, which is done in collaboration with VICE and Intel, features an app which takes your profile page and morphs it into a real-life mini monster, while another crystalizes your friends network and the other cranks out a personalized zodiac sign based on your online personality. Although the apps are free, the cost of printing a figurine is about $15. "We wanted to play with the idea of taking your virtual self and bringing it back into the physical," Julia Kaganskiy of The Creators Project told Mashable. "We wanted it to be playful, fun and creative and brought on a varied group of our creators to develop unique artistic experiences using the data Facebook makes available." Each app creates a 3D sculpture, which is printed by Shapeways, through layers of materials such as sandstone and stainless steel. It takes about five minutes to go through the creation and profile analysis process via the apps. SEE ALSO: 5 Sites to Score 3D-Printed Gifts
 The Monster Me app by design studio Sticky Monster Lab uses your birthday to determine the monster's shape, geographic location to determine the environment and the number of friends in your network to decide how many mini friends your monster has within the app. It also looks at interests and Likes to determine the buildings in your personal "cityscape."  Meanwhile, the Crystallized app — developed by SOFTlab — visualizes social relationships and designs a crystal 3D structure to reflect that network. Each point on the geode represents a friend and its distance from the center is determined by the strength of your relationship, ranging from mutual friends to interactions on Facebook. "The interior represents your friend's interests and Likes as crystal clusters," the company said.  In addition, the Astroverb app by Sosolimited looks at status updates and searches for keywords that fall into one of its six "personality dimensions." It ranks your profile based on how you score for each dimension and uses that information to construct a personalized horoscope and zodiac symbol. "We're really excited about 3D printing right now and wanted to create a really easy way for people to try it for themselves," Kaganskiy said. "Shapeways was a great partner for that because they make the process painless and easy." The apps launch on Thursday, Jan. 17. Update: Click here to create your own 3D-printed figurine.  Chess may be an uber traditional board game, but that doesn't mean there aren't ways to modernize it. In this set, the focal point of each piece's design is that particular piece's name. Price: $135.07 This compact dock is designed to hold the ultra-slim iPhone 5, and two openings amplify sound in order to make playing music and video chatting better experiences. Price: $31.15 Get the ultimate morning boost with this espresso cup. Price: $39.99 This 3D-printed dreamcatcher is a cool alternative to traditional leather and feathers.  Price: $15.63 This lamp will act as the innovative centerpiece of any room's design. The shade is created via a mathematical formula so that it can be adjusted in various positions.  Price: $360 This inventive little ferris wheel is a great addition to any office desk or tabletop. No assembly is required. Watch this video from Shapeways to learn more about how the mechanics work. Price: $22.86 Does your smartphone photography lack detail? Improve your close-ups with this lens, which fits on iPhone 4 and 4S. Price: $10.47 Why settle for a boring breakfast? The Eggbot adds adventure to eating your soft-boiled egg, or could even serve as a holder when cooking. Price: $30.62 Olaf Diegel, a professor of mechatronics at Massey University’s School of Engineering & Advanced Technology in New Zealand, developed a series of stunning 3D-printed guitars that are completely playable. The "Atom" guitar and other available models are beautifully intricate. Introductory Price: $3,500 Add a touch of the holiday season to any candle with the Snowflame candleholder. Price: Approximately $16 Based on M.C. Escher's Surrealist works of art (think Bond of a Union), these earrings are perfect for the fashionable artist or the eccentric dresser. Price: $4.01 (each) You'll never have to use the edge of table again once you get this antique-looking bronze bottle opener. Price: $78.00 This stainless steel pencil/pen grip has a sleek, ergonomic design. Price: Approximately $50 Made out of brass, this whistle can help you in emergencies and looks great on your key ring. Price: Approximately $50 This fashionable bracelet is quite the conversation starter. Price: $60 Add some dimension to drinking with friends with these geometrically unique shot glasses. Price: $27 (each) This spinning top is a replica of Cobb's totem from the blockbuster film Inception. It spins upwards of 90 seconds. Price: $16.98 There are a lot of 3D-printed accessories for Apple products, but that doesn't mean your Android devices can't share in the fun, too. FreshFiber's Macedonia case will protect your Samsung Galaxy S3 and make it look like a work of art. Price: $45.99 You can create custom cufflinks with Shapeways. Choose from several styles and shapes, and then personalize them with initials or numbers. Price: $49 Deck the halls with this intricate and classy holiday ornament. The Merry Bird and its hinged swing are produced within the cage -- a design only made possible through 3D printing.  Price: $29If your Facebook profile could look like an object, what would it be? The Creators Project is launching a series of three new apps that transform your Facebook persona into 3D printable art. By looking at your Facebook interests, Likes, relationships and status updates, the apps — called Monster Me, Crystallized and Astroverb — create an abstract sculpture that embodies your online presence. The project, which is done in collaboration with VICE and Intel, features an app which takes your profile page and morphs it into a real-life mini monster, while another crystalizes your friends network and the other cranks out a personalized zodiac sign based on your online personality. Although the apps are free, the cost of printing a figurine is about $15. "We wanted to play with the idea of taking your virtual self and bringing it back into the physical," Julia Kaganskiy of The Creators Project told Mashable. "We wanted it to be playful, fun and creative and brought on a varied group of our creators to develop unique artistic experiences using the data Facebook makes available." Each app creates a 3D sculpture, which is printed by Shapeways, through layers of materials such as sandstone and stainless steel. It takes about five minutes to go through the creation and profile analysis process via the apps. SEE ALSO: 5 Sites to Score 3D-Printed Gifts
 The Monster Me app by design studio Sticky Monster Lab uses your birthday to determine the monster's shape, geographic location to determine the environment and the number of friends in your network to decide how many mini friends your monster has within the app. It also looks at interests and Likes to determine the buildings in your personal "cityscape."  Meanwhile, the Crystallized app — developed by SOFTlab — visualizes social relationships and designs a crystal 3D structure to reflect that network. Each point on the geode represents a friend and its distance from the center is determined by the strength of your relationship, ranging from mutual friends to interactions on Facebook. "The interior represents your friend's interests and Likes as crystal clusters," the company said.  In addition, the Astroverb app by Sosolimited looks at status updates and searches for keywords that fall into one of its six "personality dimensions." It ranks your profile based on how you score for each dimension and uses that information to construct a personalized horoscope and zodiac symbol. "We're really excited about 3D printing right now and wanted to create a really easy way for people to try it for themselves," Kaganskiy said. "Shapeways was a great partner for that because they make the process painless and easy." The apps launch on Thursday, Jan. 17. Update: Click here to create your own 3D-printed figurine.  Chess may be an uber traditional board game, but that doesn't mean there aren't ways to modernize it. In this set, the focal point of each piece's design is that particular piece's name. Price: $135.07 This compact dock is designed to hold the ultra-slim iPhone 5, and two openings amplify sound in order to make playing music and video chatting better experiences. Price: $31.15 Get the ultimate morning boost with this espresso cup. Price: $39.99 This 3D-printed dreamcatcher is a cool alternative to traditional leather and feathers.  Price: $15.63 This lamp will act as the innovative centerpiece of any room's design. The shade is created via a mathematical formula so that it can be adjusted in various positions.  Price: $360 This inventive little ferris wheel is a great addition to any office desk or tabletop. No assembly is required. Watch this video from Shapeways to learn more about how the mechanics work. Price: $22.86 Does your smartphone photography lack detail? Improve your close-ups with this lens, which fits on iPhone 4 and 4S. Price: $10.47 Why settle for a boring breakfast? The Eggbot adds adventure to eating your soft-boiled egg, or could even serve as a holder when cooking. Price: $30.62 Olaf Diegel, a professor of mechatronics at Massey University’s School of Engineering & Advanced Technology in New Zealand, developed a series of stunning 3D-printed guitars that are completely playable. The "Atom" guitar and other available models are beautifully intricate. Introductory Price: $3,500 Add a touch of the holiday season to any candle with the Snowflame candleholder. Price: Approximately $16 Based on M.C. Escher's Surrealist works of art (think Bond of a Union), these earrings are perfect for the fashionable artist or the eccentric dresser. Price: $4.01 (each) You'll never have to use the edge of table again once you get this antique-looking bronze bottle opener. Price: $78.00 This stainless steel pencil/pen grip has a sleek, ergonomic design. Price: Approximately $50 Made out of brass, this whistle can help you in emergencies and looks great on your key ring. Price: Approximately $50 This fashionable bracelet is quite the conversation starter. Price: $60 Add some dimension to drinking with friends with these geometrically unique shot glasses. Price: $27 (each) This spinning top is a replica of Cobb's totem from the blockbuster film Inception. It spins upwards of 90 seconds. Price: $16.98 There are a lot of 3D-printed accessories for Apple products, but that doesn't mean your Android devices can't share in the fun, too. FreshFiber's Macedonia case will protect your Samsung Galaxy S3 and make it look like a work of art. Price: $45.99 You can create custom cufflinks with Shapeways. Choose from several styles and shapes, and then personalize them with initials or numbers. Price: $49 Deck the halls with this intricate and classy holiday ornament. The Merry Bird and its hinged swing are produced within the cage -- a design only made possible through 3D printing.  Price: $29