 Two old friends use technology to stay connected.  It's wonderful that this pup pair have technology to maintain their long distance relationship. But hearing the tone of their conversation, it seems like these dogs have some serious issues to discuss.  SEE ALSO: 3 New Zealand Dogs Learn to Drive Mini Coopers
 They're most likely debating the government's financial woes and how it will affect their daily allotment of Kibbles 'n Bits.  Does your dog have any favorite tech toys? Share in the comments below.  BONUS: 10 Talented Dogs Playing the Piano
 What this dog lacks in finesse, it makes up for in enthusiasm.  This cute Schnoodle has become quite the YouTube star. We hope the fame hasn't gone to his head.  Pitch perfect! She is quite the little diva.  Chip doesn't need an audience.  Check out this little lime-light hogger. Look! He's got a little dog-sized piano! These guys are goooood. The technique might be unorthodox, but the delivery is superb. Finally, not all dogs can afford a full-size Joanna. Annie makes do with a teeny keyboard. Photo courtesy of Flickr, derekGavey. Two old friends use technology to stay connected.  It's wonderful that this pup pair have technology to maintain their long distance relationship. But hearing the tone of their conversation, it seems like these dogs have some serious issues to discuss.  SEE ALSO: 3 New Zealand Dogs Learn to Drive Mini Coopers
 They're most likely debating the government's financial woes and how it will affect their daily allotment of Kibbles 'n Bits.  Does your dog have any favorite tech toys? Share in the comments below.  BONUS: 10 Talented Dogs Playing the Piano
 What this dog lacks in finesse, it makes up for in enthusiasm.  This cute Schnoodle has become quite the YouTube star. We hope the fame hasn't gone to his head.  Pitch perfect! She is quite the little diva.  Chip doesn't need an audience.  Check out this little lime-light hogger. Look! He's got a little dog-sized piano! These guys are goooood. The technique might be unorthodox, but the delivery is superb. Finally, not all dogs can afford a full-size Joanna. Annie makes do with a teeny keyboard. Photo courtesy of Flickr, derekGavey.