 Brandon Spikes made six tackles as his New England Patriots pummeled the Houston Texans in NFL playoff action on Sunday, but his greatest contribution to the win was undoubtedly this extremely fresh celebration dance after the Pats recovered a fumble during the game's third quarter.  An official review of the play actually nullified the fumble — but really, who cares? The pop. The lock. The crisp head turn. Spikes' sweet moves stand up to any review. GIFs and video clips of the dance were an immediate viral hit with fans of football and funny on Sunday and Monday.  Spikes is actually a man-about-Internet-town, too — this isn't his first time making a splash on the web. In a Christmas Eve tweet last month, the former Florida Gator mentioned leaving "a big fat rail of coke and a shot of Jack for Santa this year," because cookies and milk don't fuel optimal present-delivery performance. In September, he used Twitter to blast the NFL's replacement referees, then told critical fans to "bit me," enjoy their blow-up doll dates and "kiss my whole ass." Check out Spikes' full celebration:  Thumbnail image via YouTube Brandon Spikes made six tackles as his New England Patriots pummeled the Houston Texans in NFL playoff action on Sunday, but his greatest contribution to the win was undoubtedly this extremely fresh celebration dance after the Pats recovered a fumble during the game's third quarter.  An official review of the play actually nullified the fumble — but really, who cares? The pop. The lock. The crisp head turn. Spikes' sweet moves stand up to any review. GIFs and video clips of the dance were an immediate viral hit with fans of football and funny on Sunday and Monday.  Spikes is actually a man-about-Internet-town, too — this isn't his first time making a splash on the web. In a Christmas Eve tweet last month, the former Florida Gator mentioned leaving "a big fat rail of coke and a shot of Jack for Santa this year," because cookies and milk don't fuel optimal present-delivery performance. In September, he used Twitter to blast the NFL's replacement referees, then told critical fans to "bit me," enjoy their blow-up doll dates and "kiss my whole ass." Check out Spikes' full celebration:  Thumbnail image via YouTube