Recent rumors about a cheaper iPhone have recently been all but debunked by Apple's SVP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller, who told Chinese newspaper Shanghai Evening News that "cheap smartphones will never be the future of Apple products".  Based on Schiller's comment, Reuters and several other news outlets have reported that Apple has probably dismissed the idea of a cheap iPhone. The story doesn't end there, though, as Reuters had withdrawn that article, claiming it "was subsequently updated with substantial changes to its content." Reuters said that no replacement story will be issued.  It is unclear what the "substantial changes" to Reuters' story were. We can imagine several possible scenarios: Shanghai Evening News could have gotten the quote from Schiller wrong, or Reuters could have gotten credible info from another source that Apple is indeed working on a cheaper iPhone.  In any case, the future of the "cheap iPhone" is still undetermined. After Apple's launch of iPad mini, the idea of a cheaper iPhone (iPhone Mini, perhaps?) became much more plausible, with reports claiming it would be manufactured from cheaper materials than iPhone 5, with price ranging from $99 to $149. Right now, iPhone 4 remains the cheapest Apple smartphone, which can be had for $0 with a contract or $450 without one.  Image credit: AppleRecent rumors about a cheaper iPhone have recently been all but debunked by Apple's SVP of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller, who told Chinese newspaper Shanghai Evening News that "cheap smartphones will never be the future of Apple products".  Based on Schiller's comment, Reuters and several other news outlets have reported that Apple has probably dismissed the idea of a cheap iPhone. The story doesn't end there, though, as Reuters had withdrawn that article, claiming it "was subsequently updated with substantial changes to its content." Reuters said that no replacement story will be issued.  It is unclear what the "substantial changes" to Reuters' story were. We can imagine several possible scenarios: Shanghai Evening News could have gotten the quote from Schiller wrong, or Reuters could have gotten credible info from another source that Apple is indeed working on a cheaper iPhone.  In any case, the future of the "cheap iPhone" is still undetermined. After Apple's launch of iPad mini, the idea of a cheaper iPhone (iPhone Mini, perhaps?) became much more plausible, with reports claiming it would be manufactured from cheaper materials than iPhone 5, with price ranging from $99 to $149. Right now, iPhone 4 remains the cheapest Apple smartphone, which can be had for $0 with a contract or $450 without one.  Image credit: Apple