 Technology has helped solve many problems for us. We make phone calls and read emails from wherever we are (most of the time) using cellphones, and record our favorite TV shows and movies to watch later.  But it hasn't helped solve the age-old dilemma of figuring out what’s for dinner — until now. Samsung showed off a smart refrigerator at the 2013 International CES that can offer recipe suggestions based on what you have in your fridge at the time. No photo magnets here — the front of the 32 cu. ft. capacity four-door fridge is adorned with a 10-inch tablet pre-loaded with apps designed to help you and your family get organized. There’s Evernote for shared grocery lists, so you can add to the list while your partner is shopping and the update will appear on their mobile device. A grocery manager helps you keep track of what’s going into the fridge  — fresh food or leftovers — and lets you set an expiration date. A note pops up on the screen letting you know what’s set to expire in a day, or however you ask it to remind you. It's perfect for those who tend to forget those Tupperware containers of leftovers in the back of the fridge. You tell the app what’s in the fridge by a simple drag-and-drop of items on the screen. Super easy to use which means you may actually use the feature. Once your food items are listed, you can tell the program what options you have available for dinner and it searches Epicurious to find a recipe using your ingredients. Samsung has partnered with Unilever, so every once in a while a coupon for a particular product will appear on your screen. We’re waiting for the day it will be smart enough to know what items you’re running low on, and then offer coupons for what you need. The Samsung T9000 Refrigerator will be available later this year, but there's a price for getting your kitchen life organized. It will set you back a whopping $4,000.  Watch the video above for our hands-on look — inside and out — of the new Smart Refrigerator, and let us know what features you’d like to see in a smart fridge.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. Technology has helped solve many problems for us. We make phone calls and read emails from wherever we are (most of the time) using cellphones, and record our favorite TV shows and movies to watch later.  But it hasn't helped solve the age-old dilemma of figuring out what’s for dinner — until now. Samsung showed off a smart refrigerator at the 2013 International CES that can offer recipe suggestions based on what you have in your fridge at the time. No photo magnets here — the front of the 32 cu. ft. capacity four-door fridge is adorned with a 10-inch tablet pre-loaded with apps designed to help you and your family get organized. There’s Evernote for shared grocery lists, so you can add to the list while your partner is shopping and the update will appear on their mobile device. A grocery manager helps you keep track of what’s going into the fridge  — fresh food or leftovers — and lets you set an expiration date. A note pops up on the screen letting you know what’s set to expire in a day, or however you ask it to remind you. It's perfect for those who tend to forget those Tupperware containers of leftovers in the back of the fridge. You tell the app what’s in the fridge by a simple drag-and-drop of items on the screen. Super easy to use which means you may actually use the feature. Once your food items are listed, you can tell the program what options you have available for dinner and it searches Epicurious to find a recipe using your ingredients. Samsung has partnered with Unilever, so every once in a while a coupon for a particular product will appear on your screen. We’re waiting for the day it will be smart enough to know what items you’re running low on, and then offer coupons for what you need. The Samsung T9000 Refrigerator will be available later this year, but there's a price for getting your kitchen life organized. It will set you back a whopping $4,000.  Watch the video above for our hands-on look — inside and out — of the new Smart Refrigerator, and let us know what features you’d like to see in a smart fridge.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.