 Soundscapes, anyone? Some of us need soothing music to fall asleep, but our partners don't always find the sound of waves crashing over and over as soothing as we do. For people who sleep in the same bed as a significant other, or perhaps have paper-thin walls and roommates, a new product announced at International CES 2013 will help you get some shut-eye without disturbing others.   SleepPhones are a soft headband that you wear around your head and over your ears — it looks like a sweatband that you'd wear to workout. The headband has headphones in it that you align over your ears. And it's Bluetooth enabled so you can play music or sounds from any Bluetooth enabled device, like your smartphone. SleepPhones have been around for a while, but they required users to plug a cord into their iPod or bedside alarm clock. This wireless version will be available for purchase in April and will retail for $80.  While our tablets and phones have been to blame for keeping us awake, this handy device could prove that not all late-night gadgets cause sleeplessness.  Do you wear headphones while listening to sounds or music at night in order to fall asleep? Which ones do you currently use? Tell us in the comments.   Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, Yuri_Arcurs Soundscapes, anyone? Some of us need soothing music to fall asleep, but our partners don't always find the sound of waves crashing over and over as soothing as we do. For people who sleep in the same bed as a significant other, or perhaps have paper-thin walls and roommates, a new product announced at International CES 2013 will help you get some shut-eye without disturbing others.   SleepPhones are a soft headband that you wear around your head and over your ears — it looks like a sweatband that you'd wear to workout. The headband has headphones in it that you align over your ears. And it's Bluetooth enabled so you can play music or sounds from any Bluetooth enabled device, like your smartphone. SleepPhones have been around for a while, but they required users to plug a cord into their iPod or bedside alarm clock. This wireless version will be available for purchase in April and will retail for $80.  While our tablets and phones have been to blame for keeping us awake, this handy device could prove that not all late-night gadgets cause sleeplessness.  Do you wear headphones while listening to sounds or music at night in order to fall asleep? Which ones do you currently use? Tell us in the comments.   Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, Yuri_Arcurs