"It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets," said Tebow. LAS VEGAS — New York Jets player Tim Tebow launched a line of headphones on Thursday with audio accessories company Soul Electronics, featuring high-endurance models for athletes, as well as a business-inspired pair called the "Jet." Tebow unveiled the new line at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas under the Soul Electronics brand, which was founded by rapper and actor Ludacris. In addition to the Jet, Tebow has become a brand ambassador for the company's flagship SL300 signature headphone series — the latest model is available in blue, white and black for limited release. Meanwhile, Tebow's Combat+ line features noise-cancelling technology and is designed for athletes, as well as more casual users. When a Soul Electronics spokesperson introduced the Jet headphones, she said it might not be called this for "too much longer — we might change the name," alluding to the possibility of a looming trade. "I'm just kidding," she added. (Tebow turned red and laughed along with the press). When asked if he regrets the name, he said: "It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets." (More laughter followed). Tebow said he was most directly involved with developing his Combat+ line. "I was so interested in having something comfortable I could practice on the field in before games," Tebow said. "So many headphones can feel good and sound great, but when you're warming up, they fall off and that is a big distraction. We came up with these Combat models to help you keep that focus."  Despite it being an already saturated market with a big increase in celebrity-branded headphone lines — including one from reality TV star Snooki that also launched this week — Tebow said his collection is appealing for all types of people. "People who try them out will hopefully believe in them," Tebow said. "We have headphones for athletes who want to train and some for those who want to fly or even sleep. They are even great for moms who are doing the dishes and listening to their country or gospel music. Whoever you are, whatever you are doing, we have something that fits you."    Tebow, who said it was his first time at CES, called the huge tech conference "a whirlwind."  "I've seen a lot of cool stuff," he said. "That fork that helps you lose weight is pretty crazy." Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. Photos by Mashable, Nina Frazier"It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets," said Tebow. LAS VEGAS — New York Jets player Tim Tebow launched a line of headphones on Thursday with audio accessories company Soul Electronics, featuring high-endurance models for athletes, as well as a business-inspired pair called the "Jet." Tebow unveiled the new line at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas under the Soul Electronics brand, which was founded by rapper and actor Ludacris. In addition to the Jet, Tebow has become a brand ambassador for the company's flagship SL300 signature headphone series — the latest model is available in blue, white and black for limited release. Meanwhile, Tebow's Combat+ line features noise-cancelling technology and is designed for athletes, as well as more casual users. When a Soul Electronics spokesperson introduced the Jet headphones, she said it might not be called this for "too much longer — we might change the name," alluding to the possibility of a looming trade. "I'm just kidding," she added. (Tebow turned red and laughed along with the press). When asked if he regrets the name, he said: "It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets." (More laughter followed). Tebow said he was most directly involved with developing his Combat+ line. "I was so interested in having something comfortable I could practice on the field in before games," Tebow said. "So many headphones can feel good and sound great, but when you're warming up, they fall off and that is a big distraction. We came up with these Combat models to help you keep that focus."  Despite it being an already saturated market with a big increase in celebrity-branded headphone lines — including one from reality TV star Snooki that also launched this week — Tebow said his collection is appealing for all types of people. "People who try them out will hopefully believe in them," Tebow said. "We have headphones for athletes who want to train and some for those who want to fly or even sleep. They are even great for moms who are doing the dishes and listening to their country or gospel music. Whoever you are, whatever you are doing, we have something that fits you."    Tebow, who said it was his first time at CES, called the huge tech conference "a whirlwind."  "I've seen a lot of cool stuff," he said. "That fork that helps you lose weight is pretty crazy." Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. Photos by Mashable, Nina Frazier