 Counting calories? No need to worry about that anymore. A team of gastroenterologists have developed a weight-loss gadget, called AspireAssist, that pumps food directly out of the stomach after a meal is consumed. The team says it's an ideal way for anyone struggling with obesity to shed a few pounds. The AspireAssist pairs with a valve that's surgically implanted into the user's stomach (see image below.) About 20 minutes after each meal, users can drain up to a third of what they just ate through the valve.  From the website: The aspiration process is performed about 20 minutes after the entire meal is consumed and takes 5 to 10 minutes to complete. The process is performed in the privacy of the restroom, and the food is drained directly into the toilet. Because aspiration only removes a third of the food, the body still receives the calories it needs to function. For optimal weight loss, patients should aspirate after each major meal (about 3 times per day) initially. Over time, as patients learn to eat more healthfully, they can reduce the frequency of aspirations The gadget was tested on 24 obese participants in Europe. After a year-long trial, the company says, the patients lost an average of 45 pounds each.  Not everyone is completely sold. Several health bloggers have referred to the gadget as a "medically assisted bulimia" kit, arguing that flushing out 30% of a meal directly after consumption doesn't allow enough time for nutrients to be absorbed. SEE ALSO: 5 Diet Apps to Keep You on the Right Track
 AspireAssist was recently patented by Segway inventor Dean Kamen. But the FDA has yet to approve the gadget, according to Popsci. Watch the video up top to learn more. Would you try AspireAssist? Or do you think it sounds too risky? Share your thoughts with us below.    Image courtesy of Aspire Bariatrics Counting calories? No need to worry about that anymore. A team of gastroenterologists have developed a weight-loss gadget, called AspireAssist, that pumps food directly out of the stomach after a meal is consumed. The team says it's an ideal way for anyone struggling with obesity to shed a few pounds. The AspireAssist pairs with a valve that's surgically implanted into the user's stomach (see image below.) About 20 minutes after each meal, users can drain up to a third of what they just ate through the valve.  From the website: The aspiration process is performed about 20 minutes after the entire meal is consumed and takes 5 to 10 minutes to complete. The process is performed in the privacy of the restroom, and the food is drained directly into the toilet. Because aspiration only removes a third of the food, the body still receives the calories it needs to function. For optimal weight loss, patients should aspirate after each major meal (about 3 times per day) initially. Over time, as patients learn to eat more healthfully, they can reduce the frequency of aspirations The gadget was tested on 24 obese participants in Europe. After a year-long trial, the company says, the patients lost an average of 45 pounds each.  Not everyone is completely sold. Several health bloggers have referred to the gadget as a "medically assisted bulimia" kit, arguing that flushing out 30% of a meal directly after consumption doesn't allow enough time for nutrients to be absorbed. SEE ALSO: 5 Diet Apps to Keep You on the Right Track
 AspireAssist was recently patented by Segway inventor Dean Kamen. But the FDA has yet to approve the gadget, according to Popsci. Watch the video up top to learn more. Would you try AspireAssist? Or do you think it sounds too risky? Share your thoughts with us below.    Image courtesy of Aspire Bariatrics