 When it comes to designing a functional iPhone case, whales don't typically come to mind. With their wide bodies and protruding fins, it makes more sense for the ocean-dwelling mammal to stay under water than in your hand. But that didn't stop designer Seyook Lee from creating the iWhale, a case that "mimics the silhouette of a whale coming to the water's surface to breathe," according to Yanko Design.   SEE ALSO: Life-Size Lobster iPhone Case Helps You Stand Out From the Crowd
 Surprisingly, the iWhale is more functional than it looks. The case's curved tail allows users to prop up or hang the phone for video-viewing, while its humped back makes the phone easier to hold. There's also space inside to store headphones and other accessories. And to top it all off, the whale's blowhole is a headphone jack. The iWhale costs $23.90, and is available for purchase on Lee's website.  Would you buy this case? How does your current smartphone case look? Tell us in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Yanko Design, Leese Design When it comes to designing a functional iPhone case, whales don't typically come to mind. With their wide bodies and protruding fins, it makes more sense for the ocean-dwelling mammal to stay under water than in your hand. But that didn't stop designer Seyook Lee from creating the iWhale, a case that "mimics the silhouette of a whale coming to the water's surface to breathe," according to Yanko Design.   SEE ALSO: Life-Size Lobster iPhone Case Helps You Stand Out From the Crowd
 Surprisingly, the iWhale is more functional than it looks. The case's curved tail allows users to prop up or hang the phone for video-viewing, while its humped back makes the phone easier to hold. There's also space inside to store headphones and other accessories. And to top it all off, the whale's blowhole is a headphone jack. The iWhale costs $23.90, and is available for purchase on Lee's website.  Would you buy this case? How does your current smartphone case look? Tell us in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Yanko Design, Leese Design