Air pollution over Beijing and other parts of eastern China shattered the air quality scales over the weekend, hitting 755 out of 500 (500 being bad) on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's standards. The smog was really awful on the ground, with residents posting photos that look more like life on some sort of future Mars colony than on Earth. But what did the pollution look like from on above? The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration posted this photo taken on Sunday after the peak pollution levels had dissipated somewhat. Natural clouds appear as white, while smog and "other pollutants" make up that "dull, grey blanket over the region," per NOAA. Yikes. The picture was taken by the NASA/NOAA Suomi NPP satellite, which orbits at 512.01 miles above Earth. Here's what Beijing looked like from a terrestrial standpoint over the weekend: Photo courtesy of Bill Bishop/Sinocism China Newsletter What would you do if your city was so badly polluted? Photo courtesy NASA/NOAAAir pollution over Beijing and other parts of eastern China shattered the air quality scales over the weekend, hitting 755 out of 500 (500 being bad) on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's standards. The smog was really awful on the ground, with residents posting photos that look more like life on some sort of future Mars colony than on Earth. But what did the pollution look like from on above? The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration posted this photo taken on Sunday after the peak pollution levels had dissipated somewhat. Natural clouds appear as white, while smog and "other pollutants" make up that "dull, grey blanket over the region," per NOAA. Yikes. The picture was taken by the NASA/NOAA Suomi NPP satellite, which orbits at 512.01 miles above Earth. Here's what Beijing looked like from a terrestrial standpoint over the weekend: Photo courtesy of Bill Bishop/Sinocism China Newsletter What would you do if your city was so badly polluted? Photo courtesy NASA/NOAA