Pro skateboarder Tony Hawk has teamed up with non-profit Operation Smile to bring transformative surgery to children born with facial deformities. The campaign asks you to upload a photo of your smile and watch as it's sent across the world. The campaign is built around an interactive film Change Forever featuring Hawk, which asks you to share your smile through a Facebook app to help children with cleft lip or cleft palate. You're then encouraged to share your smile and the film on Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest, and to take a pledge to spread awareness of facial deformities.  The pledge also states that every child has the right to smile, because humans smile to express happiness. According to Operation Smile, a child is born every three minutes with facial deformities preventing smiling. Of those born with facial deformity, 10% will not live until their first birthday. SEE ALSO: 9 Non-Profits That Get Web Humor
 That's why the non-profit works to bring facial reconstructive surgeries to children in the developing world who would not otherwise be able to afford them. Without the surgeries, many children will never be able speak or eat normally. Additionally, in many of the communities that benefit from Operation Smile surgeries, the children would otherwise be shunned. Change Forever's launch coincides with the non-profit's 30th anniversary as well as National Birth Defect Awareness Month.  Image courtesy of Operation SmilePro skateboarder Tony Hawk has teamed up with non-profit Operation Smile to bring transformative surgery to children born with facial deformities. The campaign asks you to upload a photo of your smile and watch as it's sent across the world. The campaign is built around an interactive film Change Forever featuring Hawk, which asks you to share your smile through a Facebook app to help children with cleft lip or cleft palate. You're then encouraged to share your smile and the film on Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest, and to take a pledge to spread awareness of facial deformities.  The pledge also states that every child has the right to smile, because humans smile to express happiness. According to Operation Smile, a child is born every three minutes with facial deformities preventing smiling. Of those born with facial deformity, 10% will not live until their first birthday. SEE ALSO: 9 Non-Profits That Get Web Humor
 That's why the non-profit works to bring facial reconstructive surgeries to children in the developing world who would not otherwise be able to afford them. Without the surgeries, many children will never be able speak or eat normally. Additionally, in many of the communities that benefit from Operation Smile surgeries, the children would otherwise be shunned. Change Forever's launch coincides with the non-profit's 30th anniversary as well as National Birth Defect Awareness Month.  Image courtesy of Operation Smile