 Texting and driving is a serious problem among teenagers in the United States. In fact, according to a study, one in four teens respond to texts at their wheels, and 30 percent read messages while on the road. A new app hopes to change that by giving parents a tool to track their children while they are in their cars. The app is called Canary and allows parents to track a teenager's phone, letting them see when they make calls, text or even leave a certain area in real time. It also notifies when the app is disabled.  "Parents get immediate alerts via the app installed on their own phones and by email, with complete details of their teens’ activities," states the app description. Basically, the app will let you track your kids and instantly notify you whenever they use their phone while driving. SEE ALSO: 5 Apps To Prevent Your Teen From Texting While Driving
 The app, which is available for both iOS and Android devices, offers a seven day trial period. After that, parents will have to shell out $7.99 a month to keep using it. Watch the video above to learn more about this new app. Do you think this is a good way to prevent accidents on the road? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, monkeypics Texting and driving is a serious problem among teenagers in the United States. In fact, according to a study, one in four teens respond to texts at their wheels, and 30 percent read messages while on the road. A new app hopes to change that by giving parents a tool to track their children while they are in their cars. The app is called Canary and allows parents to track a teenager's phone, letting them see when they make calls, text or even leave a certain area in real time. It also notifies when the app is disabled.  "Parents get immediate alerts via the app installed on their own phones and by email, with complete details of their teens’ activities," states the app description. Basically, the app will let you track your kids and instantly notify you whenever they use their phone while driving. SEE ALSO: 5 Apps To Prevent Your Teen From Texting While Driving
 The app, which is available for both iOS and Android devices, offers a seven day trial period. After that, parents will have to shell out $7.99 a month to keep using it. Watch the video above to learn more about this new app. Do you think this is a good way to prevent accidents on the road? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, monkeypics