 The annual gathering booze hounds and sequins — also known as the Golden Globes — had Hollywood's attention Sunday night. And if you dozed off faster than Taylor Swift can say "Why, hello there, Bradley Cooper," we have you covered.  No, we don't have a bootleg copy of the award show, but we do have a collection of GIFs (courtesy of Tumblr) that sum up the night quite nicely. SEE ALSO: Golden Globes Recap | Twitter Flips for Bill Clinton at Golden Globes
 What moments did we miss? Share 'em in the comments. Jennifer Lawrence beat Meryl Streep and ratted out Harvey Weinstein   Image courtesy of Tumblr, foooolintherain  Image courtesy of Tumblr, tvvillager Surprise nominee  Image courtesy of Tumblr, storybrooke-gypsyx Iron Man voted Clinton  Image courtesy of Tumblr, clumsylitttlehearts Bill Clinton, y'all  Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell couldn't believe Bill Clinton showed up  Image courtesy of Tumblr, riddlemetom Tommy Lee Jones is not impressed by Golden Globe shenanigans  Image courtesy of TwitPic, @MikeFuller947 Bitches get high-fives done  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 How you like them apples, Will Arnett?  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Aziz Ansari had a little too much fun with the cast of Downton Abbey  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Back off, Taylor  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Glen Close enjoyed the free booze  Image courtesy of Vulture Quentin Tarantino couldn't believe the stuff going down on stage   Image courtesy of italiansubs The Les Mis cast is very close  Image courtesy of Tumblr, rickgrimeshappens Top image courtesy of Tumblr, of-the-lion7 The annual gathering booze hounds and sequins — also known as the Golden Globes — had Hollywood's attention Sunday night. And if you dozed off faster than Taylor Swift can say "Why, hello there, Bradley Cooper," we have you covered.  No, we don't have a bootleg copy of the award show, but we do have a collection of GIFs (courtesy of Tumblr) that sum up the night quite nicely. SEE ALSO: Golden Globes Recap | Twitter Flips for Bill Clinton at Golden Globes
 What moments did we miss? Share 'em in the comments. Jennifer Lawrence beat Meryl Streep and ratted out Harvey Weinstein   Image courtesy of Tumblr, foooolintherain  Image courtesy of Tumblr, tvvillager Surprise nominee  Image courtesy of Tumblr, storybrooke-gypsyx Iron Man voted Clinton  Image courtesy of Tumblr, clumsylitttlehearts Bill Clinton, y'all  Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell couldn't believe Bill Clinton showed up  Image courtesy of Tumblr, riddlemetom Tommy Lee Jones is not impressed by Golden Globe shenanigans  Image courtesy of TwitPic, @MikeFuller947 Bitches get high-fives done  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 How you like them apples, Will Arnett?  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Aziz Ansari had a little too much fun with the cast of Downton Abbey  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Back off, Taylor  Image courtesy of Tumblr, shygirl364 Glen Close enjoyed the free booze  Image courtesy of Vulture Quentin Tarantino couldn't believe the stuff going down on stage   Image courtesy of italiansubs The Les Mis cast is very close  Image courtesy of Tumblr, rickgrimeshappens Top image courtesy of Tumblr, of-the-lion7