Welcome to this morning's edition of 'First To Know,' a series in which we keep you in the know on what's happening in the digital world. Today, we're looking at three particularly interesting stories. AT&T Reportedly Looking to Expand to Europe AT&T is considering expansion to Europe, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing "people familiar with the carrier's thinking." The company is looking into potential acquisitions on the old continent. If such a deal comes through, it could happen before the end of 2013, the WSJ claimed. Targets include Dutch company Royal KPN NV and the UK's Everything Everywhere, but AT&T also wouldn't mind settling in Germany, the report added.  Dutch Court Rules Samsung's Tablets Do Not Infringe on Apple's Design A Dutch court has ruled that Samsung's tablets do not infringe on Apple's design, Reuters reported. It's another victory for the Korean electronic giant in a seemingly never-ending patent dispute. Last July, a UK court ruled that Samsung didn't copy the iPad, but in the following month, a U.S. court awarded Apple $1 billion in damages after a similar trial.  "We continue to believe that Apple was not the first to design a tablet with a rectangular shape and rounded corners and that the origins of Apple's registered design features can be found in numerous examples," Samsung said in a statement. Asus Wants to Make a Windows Phone 8 Smartphone or Padfone Asus has expressed interest in making a Windows Phone 8-based smartphone or Padfone, the company's trademarked combination of a smartphone and a tablet, the Wall Street Journal reported.  "With our Padfone concept, the phone plus tablet, I think it makes sense for Windows 8," said Benson Lin, the company's vice-president. We're not sure how a WP8-based Padfone would work, since the operating system is a bit restrictive when it comes to screen size, but Microsoft certainly wouldn't mind seeing one, especially after HTC reportedly gave up on plans to make a large-screen WP device.  Image courtesy of iStockphoto, mattjeacockWelcome to this morning's edition of 'First To Know,' a series in which we keep you in the know on what's happening in the digital world. Today, we're looking at three particularly interesting stories. AT&T Reportedly Looking to Expand to Europe AT&T is considering expansion to Europe, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing "people familiar with the carrier's thinking." The company is looking into potential acquisitions on the old continent. If such a deal comes through, it could happen before the end of 2013, the WSJ claimed. Targets include Dutch company Royal KPN NV and the UK's Everything Everywhere, but AT&T also wouldn't mind settling in Germany, the report added.  Dutch Court Rules Samsung's Tablets Do Not Infringe on Apple's Design A Dutch court has ruled that Samsung's tablets do not infringe on Apple's design, Reuters reported. It's another victory for the Korean electronic giant in a seemingly never-ending patent dispute. Last July, a UK court ruled that Samsung didn't copy the iPad, but in the following month, a U.S. court awarded Apple $1 billion in damages after a similar trial.  "We continue to believe that Apple was not the first to design a tablet with a rectangular shape and rounded corners and that the origins of Apple's registered design features can be found in numerous examples," Samsung said in a statement. Asus Wants to Make a Windows Phone 8 Smartphone or Padfone Asus has expressed interest in making a Windows Phone 8-based smartphone or Padfone, the company's trademarked combination of a smartphone and a tablet, the Wall Street Journal reported.  "With our Padfone concept, the phone plus tablet, I think it makes sense for Windows 8," said Benson Lin, the company's vice-president. We're not sure how a WP8-based Padfone would work, since the operating system is a bit restrictive when it comes to screen size, but Microsoft certainly wouldn't mind seeing one, especially after HTC reportedly gave up on plans to make a large-screen WP device.  Image courtesy of iStockphoto, mattjeacock