Apple's stock briefly dipped below $500 a share on Monday for the first time this year, falling as low as $498 a share, a decline of more than three percent from Friday's closing price of $520.30.  The stock's decline comes after reports in The Wall Street Journal and Reuters suggested demand for the latest iPhone has been lower than expected.  The Journal cited "people familiar with the situation" who said that Apple has cut its orders for iPhone 5 screens in half for the March quarter. Likewise, Reuters cited Nikkei, a leading Japanese business daily publication, which reports that Apple has asked its LCD suppliers to halve its initial order of 65 million screens for the iPhone 5, in addition to cutting other components. Several analysts and publications have since raised doubts about these two reports, noting that the Journal's estimates are a month old and the Nikkei's estimates are based on an incredibly bullish assumption that Apple would order parts for 65 million iPhones when most expect it to sell fewer than 50 million iPhones that quarter. Still, the news has clearly unsettled investors as it reinforces concerns that the iPhone 5 is not selling as well as the company had hoped. As of publication, the stock was hovering around $503 a share.  AAPL data by YCharts Image courtesy of Flickr, Brett JordanApple's stock briefly dipped below $500 a share on Monday for the first time this year, falling as low as $498 a share, a decline of more than three percent from Friday's closing price of $520.30.  The stock's decline comes after reports in The Wall Street Journal and Reuters suggested demand for the latest iPhone has been lower than expected.  The Journal cited "people familiar with the situation" who said that Apple has cut its orders for iPhone 5 screens in half for the March quarter. Likewise, Reuters cited Nikkei, a leading Japanese business daily publication, which reports that Apple has asked its LCD suppliers to halve its initial order of 65 million screens for the iPhone 5, in addition to cutting other components. Several analysts and publications have since raised doubts about these two reports, noting that the Journal's estimates are a month old and the Nikkei's estimates are based on an incredibly bullish assumption that Apple would order parts for 65 million iPhones when most expect it to sell fewer than 50 million iPhones that quarter. Still, the news has clearly unsettled investors as it reinforces concerns that the iPhone 5 is not selling as well as the company had hoped. As of publication, the stock was hovering around $503 a share.  AAPL data by YCharts Image courtesy of Flickr, Brett Jordan