 It's a snowball fight for the record books.  No really, this video shows the biggest snowball fight ever, as certified by the Guinness Book of World Records. It took 5,800 people gathered at the Seattle Center chucking icy snow bombs to break the record.  SEE ALSO: 10 Wicked Cool Snow Toys to Kick Winter's Butt
 The battle required 30 truckloads of snow poured into the icy battlefield before participants waged an epic snow war against each other. The event was used as a fundraiser for the Boys & Girls Club of King County and managed to raise $50,000.  Now that's what we call war with a purpose.  Anyone up to challenge this record? Don't forget your mittens.  Video via YouTube, devinsupertramp. BONUS:Woof! These 15 Slush Puppies Are Crazy About Snow Image courtesy of Flickr, oakleyoriginals Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, soggydan Image courtesy of Flickr, fpat Image courtesy of Flickr, maplegirlie Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, marcobellucci Image courtesy of Flickr, ronguillen Image courtesy of Flickr, bokswagen Image courtesy of Flickr, australianshepherds Image courtesy of Flickr, sakura0213 Image courtesy of Flickr, olgierd Image courtesy of Imgur It's a snowball fight for the record books.  No really, this video shows the biggest snowball fight ever, as certified by the Guinness Book of World Records. It took 5,800 people gathered at the Seattle Center chucking icy snow bombs to break the record.  SEE ALSO: 10 Wicked Cool Snow Toys to Kick Winter's Butt
 The battle required 30 truckloads of snow poured into the icy battlefield before participants waged an epic snow war against each other. The event was used as a fundraiser for the Boys & Girls Club of King County and managed to raise $50,000.  Now that's what we call war with a purpose.  Anyone up to challenge this record? Don't forget your mittens.  Video via YouTube, devinsupertramp. BONUS:Woof! These 15 Slush Puppies Are Crazy About Snow Image courtesy of Flickr, oakleyoriginals Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, soggydan Image courtesy of Flickr, fpat Image courtesy of Flickr, maplegirlie Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, marcobellucci Image courtesy of Flickr, ronguillen Image courtesy of Flickr, bokswagen Image courtesy of Flickr, australianshepherds Image courtesy of Flickr, sakura0213 Image courtesy of Flickr, olgierd Image courtesy of Imgur