Looking to start your dream job in 2013? Our new Dream Job series will give you an upper hand. We're talking to recruiters at top tech companies like Spotify and Kickstarter to get the behind-the-scenes knowledge about what it takes to get a gig. Don't know much about Birchbox? The company launched in 2010 and has received $11.9 million in funding to date. The discovery commerce platform has 140 employees (100 in New York, the rest in London, Paris and Barcelona) who surprise and delight more than 300,000 subscribers every month with a box full of high-end samples that you can buy on the Birchbox website. (And no, this startup's not just for ladies — its bright new digs are indicative of the "de-pinking" of Birchbox. Haven't you see Birchbox Man?) This week, we spoke with Melissa Enbar, director of recruiting at Birchbox. Read on to find out how to score a gig.  The Openings: "We have tons of jobs open," says Enbar. Indeed, the company — which just moved into a new space — has many open desks waiting for you to fill them, both for full-time employees and interns. A small sample of what's available at Birchbox: Graphic Designer (NYC) Merchandising Marketing and Inside Sales Manager (NYC) Social Media Associate (NYC) Software Engineer (NYC) Director of Engineering (NYC) Technical Product Manager (London) PR Manager (London) The team that's "always growing" and set to grow at a rapid pace in coming months is the brand partnerships team, which collaborates with Birchbox's brand partners to select the products that will be sampled and sold. Since "editorial is a huge component of our business," that team is always looking for solid writers, too.  Then, of course, there's the team that builds and maintains the site and shop. "We're often categorized as a beauty company, but really, we're changing ecommerce, we're doing some really interesting things around personalization and box allocation — we're really tech-enabled," says Enbar. The tech team is headed up by CTO Liz Crawford (yes, a woman!), and that team is 38% female. Birchboxers describe the company as a "discovery commerce company," so there's a lot of data being used to solve interesting problems. "We're a very numbers-driven business," explains Enbar. Consequently, there are analyst positions in multiple departments, including ecommerce and brand marketing. The operations and customer service team is the group that interfaces with Birchbox customers, but each person on the team also has a side project in another area of the company, says Enbar. "They’re our tie to our customers, and the information they know is vital," explains Enbar, adding that these teammates "work on projects with other teams to keep those teams connected to our customers." Operations member Loren works on the Birchbloggers program, communicating with bloggers about new developments at Birchbox, while a few other members of the Operations team gather data, insights and customer feedback for monthly presentations to the Beauty Partnerships to help determine what products should be sent to subscribers. These side projects help to make the brand more cohesive and ensure that Birchbox is giving its subscribers what they want. U.S. jobs can be found here, and international positions are here.  The Application Process: While the application process varies based on the position and level, the first step is usually a phone interview. Then there are in-person interviews, during which you should expect to meet with more than just your future department. "Because we have a collaborative work environment, we also do cross-team interviews. In almost every interview process candidates meet someone from another team who they will work closely with on the job," says Enbar. "That's really important to us — one of our values is 'one team,' so everything we do is collaborative." There are usually two or three rounds of interviews, and there's typically a department-specific assessment at some point during the process. For example, the tech team's main aim is to assess a candidates fundamental skills, not their knowledge of any specific technology or framework.  Software engineer applicants typically are asked to write code for algorithmic problems on a white board, tackle an object-oriented design problem, discuss a software architecture problem in detail, and answer some relational database questions. "These questions allow us to understand how candidates think and understand their strengths," says Enbar. The social media team, on the other hand, asks candidates to evaluate what Birchbox is already doing and develop ideas for how to improve the strategy. During the final round of interviews, everyone meets with either Katia or Hayley — "It's really important to us that people coming onboard understand the mission, the vision, who we are as a company, where we're headed," says Enbar.  The Ideal Candidate: When sifting through resumes, Enbar says a few things jump out at her. She's intrigued by people who've done interesting things and have been leaders in previous positions, people with interesting extracurriculars, and people who are passionate about the business model. If you haven't worked in beauty, you need not worry — that experience is a nice-to-have, but not a must (if it is a must, it'll say so in the job description). The brand has grown to have Birchbox Man and shipped a limited-edition home box, so "as we grow, lifestyle is a big part of the equation," says Kelly Herman, senior PR manager. "The big picture understanding of who we are, discovery retail and what that means — that's important to us," says Enbar. When reviewing applications in the Resumator (the application platform), Enbar says the recruiting team really looks at the person as a whole — their personality, their skills, how much research they've done on Birchbox. But the company also has values that define Birchbox, so applicants are measured against those values. SEE ALSO: Beauty Delivered: How Birchbox Is Disrupting the Cosmetics Industry
 Perks of the Job & Company Culture: "In general, we're a fun, energetic environment," says Enbar. There are weekday workouts (a whole wall is devoted to it), weekly company meetings, Thursday breakfasts, hot lunches and recreational activities, like the Tough Mudder. Plus, everyone gets a free subscription to Birchbox, a discount on all products and a chunk of money to spend in the Birchbox shop. On day one, you get a Birchbox hoodie, and after one year with the company, you get a fresh pair of custom sneaks. The company offers medical, dental and vision, and Birchbox offers options to be covered 100%.  As a fun, young startup Birchbox does mixers with other startups in the area, like Tumblr, Venmo and Lot18. The company believes in celebrating its wins, so there are a lot of celebrations in the office (and for big occasions, there's usually some sort of swag). "One of the things that differentiates us is that people come here because they love the business, they love the changes we're making, and they want to work on something that people love," says Enbar. "We care about our customers, and we listen to them." And Birchbox leadership listens to the team, too. Day to day, you'll see founders Katia and Hayley in cubes with everyone else, accessible and happy to chat with you about the company.  The best part about working here is: "Being part of a movement to change how people discover and buy products. And we have great snacks." - Deena Bahri, VP of Marketing "The friends you'll make and the fun you'll have - while working. This amazing company attracts incredible team members - and our passion for the work is contagious." - Paulina Anderson, Lead Operations Associate "Everyone's voice is heard. Birchbox is a place where you can see your own ideas incorporated into what the company is doing and brought to fruition.  If you have an idea for how our processes and strategy can be enhanced or improved, you are encouraged to bring it up and see it through." - Eric Neher, Director, Merchandising & Marketing When I started working here, I was surprised by... "The ratio of women to men, higher than I am used to coming from a computer science background. For example xoxo is a normal email sign-off." -  Liz Crawford, CTO "The parties! Birchboxers really know how to have a good time. It is so rewarding to be able to relax and unwind with the same people you work so hard with everyday!" - Charlie Cooper, Creative Production Manager Don't bother applying if... "You're not ready to roll your sleeves up and get to work.  I truly believe we have the hardest working team in NYC.  Every person here feels ownership over what they are doing and also over the growth and success of the company so we are all motivated to work very hard every day." - Eric Neher, Director, Merchandising & Marketing "You don't like a good challenge, the majority of what we do at Birchbox is problem solving. Speedy but efficient problem solving, it keeps you on your toes!" - Charlie Cooper, Creative Production Manager "You can't go with the flow. We're constantly reinventing and iterating on ideas as we go! It's exhilarating, but means you're best suited for the environment if you're willing to be flexible." - Candace Chan, Editor & Blog ManagerLooking to start your dream job in 2013? Our new Dream Job series will give you an upper hand. We're talking to recruiters at top tech companies like Spotify and Kickstarter to get the behind-the-scenes knowledge about what it takes to get a gig. Don't know much about Birchbox? The company launched in 2010 and has received $11.9 million in funding to date. The discovery commerce platform has 140 employees (100 in New York, the rest in London, Paris and Barcelona) who surprise and delight more than 300,000 subscribers every month with a box full of high-end samples that you can buy on the Birchbox website. (And no, this startup's not just for ladies — its bright new digs are indicative of the "de-pinking" of Birchbox. Haven't you see Birchbox Man?) This week, we spoke with Melissa Enbar, director of recruiting at Birchbox. Read on to find out how to score a gig.  The Openings: "We have tons of jobs open," says Enbar. Indeed, the company — which just moved into a new space — has many open desks waiting for you to fill them, both for full-time employees and interns. A small sample of what's available at Birchbox: Graphic Designer (NYC) Merchandising Marketing and Inside Sales Manager (NYC) Social Media Associate (NYC) Software Engineer (NYC) Director of Engineering (NYC) Technical Product Manager (London) PR Manager (London) The team that's "always growing" and set to grow at a rapid pace in coming months is the brand partnerships team, which collaborates with Birchbox's brand partners to select the products that will be sampled and sold. Since "editorial is a huge component of our business," that team is always looking for solid writers, too.  Then, of course, there's the team that builds and maintains the site and shop. "We're often categorized as a beauty company, but really, we're changing ecommerce, we're doing some really interesting things around personalization and box allocation — we're really tech-enabled," says Enbar. The tech team is headed up by CTO Liz Crawford (yes, a woman!), and that team is 38% female. Birchboxers describe the company as a "discovery commerce company," so there's a lot of data being used to solve interesting problems. "We're a very numbers-driven business," explains Enbar. Consequently, there are analyst positions in multiple departments, including ecommerce and brand marketing. The operations and customer service team is the group that interfaces with Birchbox customers, but each person on the team also has a side project in another area of the company, says Enbar. "They’re our tie to our customers, and the information they know is vital," explains Enbar, adding that these teammates "work on projects with other teams to keep those teams connected to our customers." Operations member Loren works on the Birchbloggers program, communicating with bloggers about new developments at Birchbox, while a few other members of the Operations team gather data, insights and customer feedback for monthly presentations to the Beauty Partnerships to help determine what products should be sent to subscribers. These side projects help to make the brand more cohesive and ensure that Birchbox is giving its subscribers what they want. U.S. jobs can be found here, and international positions are here.  The Application Process: While the application process varies based on the position and level, the first step is usually a phone interview. Then there are in-person interviews, during which you should expect to meet with more than just your future department. "Because we have a collaborative work environment, we also do cross-team interviews. In almost every interview process candidates meet someone from another team who they will work closely with on the job," says Enbar. "That's really important to us — one of our values is 'one team,' so everything we do is collaborative." There are usually two or three rounds of interviews, and there's typically a department-specific assessment at some point during the process. For example, the tech team's main aim is to assess a candidates fundamental skills, not their knowledge of any specific technology or framework.  Software engineer applicants typically are asked to write code for algorithmic problems on a white board, tackle an object-oriented design problem, discuss a software architecture problem in detail, and answer some relational database questions. "These questions allow us to understand how candidates think and understand their strengths," says Enbar. The social media team, on the other hand, asks candidates to evaluate what Birchbox is already doing and develop ideas for how to improve the strategy. During the final round of interviews, everyone meets with either Katia or Hayley — "It's really important to us that people coming onboard understand the mission, the vision, who we are as a company, where we're headed," says Enbar.  The Ideal Candidate: When sifting through resumes, Enbar says a few things jump out at her. She's intrigued by people who've done interesting things and have been leaders in previous positions, people with interesting extracurriculars, and people who are passionate about the business model. If you haven't worked in beauty, you need not worry — that experience is a nice-to-have, but not a must (if it is a must, it'll say so in the job description). The brand has grown to have Birchbox Man and shipped a limited-edition home box, so "as we grow, lifestyle is a big part of the equation," says Kelly Herman, senior PR manager. "The big picture understanding of who we are, discovery retail and what that means — that's important to us," says Enbar. When reviewing applications in the Resumator (the application platform), Enbar says the recruiting team really looks at the person as a whole — their personality, their skills, how much research they've done on Birchbox. But the company also has values that define Birchbox, so applicants are measured against those values. SEE ALSO: Beauty Delivered: How Birchbox Is Disrupting the Cosmetics Industry
 Perks of the Job & Company Culture: "In general, we're a fun, energetic environment," says Enbar. There are weekday workouts (a whole wall is devoted to it), weekly company meetings, Thursday breakfasts, hot lunches and recreational activities, like the Tough Mudder. Plus, everyone gets a free subscription to Birchbox, a discount on all products and a chunk of money to spend in the Birchbox shop. On day one, you get a Birchbox hoodie, and after one year with the company, you get a fresh pair of custom sneaks. The company offers medical, dental and vision, and Birchbox offers options to be covered 100%.  As a fun, young startup Birchbox does mixers with other startups in the area, like Tumblr, Venmo and Lot18. The company believes in celebrating its wins, so there are a lot of celebrations in the office (and for big occasions, there's usually some sort of swag). "One of the things that differentiates us is that people come here because they love the business, they love the changes we're making, and they want to work on something that people love," says Enbar. "We care about our customers, and we listen to them." And Birchbox leadership listens to the team, too. Day to day, you'll see founders Katia and Hayley in cubes with everyone else, accessible and happy to chat with you about the company.  The best part about working here is: "Being part of a movement to change how people discover and buy products. And we have great snacks." - Deena Bahri, VP of Marketing "The friends you'll make and the fun you'll have - while working. This amazing company attracts incredible team members - and our passion for the work is contagious." - Paulina Anderson, Lead Operations Associate "Everyone's voice is heard. Birchbox is a place where you can see your own ideas incorporated into what the company is doing and brought to fruition.  If you have an idea for how our processes and strategy can be enhanced or improved, you are encouraged to bring it up and see it through." - Eric Neher, Director, Merchandising & Marketing When I started working here, I was surprised by... "The ratio of women to men, higher than I am used to coming from a computer science background. For example xoxo is a normal email sign-off." -  Liz Crawford, CTO "The parties! Birchboxers really know how to have a good time. It is so rewarding to be able to relax and unwind with the same people you work so hard with everyday!" - Charlie Cooper, Creative Production Manager Don't bother applying if... "You're not ready to roll your sleeves up and get to work.  I truly believe we have the hardest working team in NYC.  Every person here feels ownership over what they are doing and also over the growth and success of the company so we are all motivated to work very hard every day." - Eric Neher, Director, Merchandising & Marketing "You don't like a good challenge, the majority of what we do at Birchbox is problem solving. Speedy but efficient problem solving, it keeps you on your toes!" - Charlie Cooper, Creative Production Manager "You can't go with the flow. We're constantly reinventing and iterating on ideas as we go! It's exhilarating, but means you're best suited for the environment if you're willing to be flexible." - Candace Chan, Editor & Blog Manager