 LAS VEGAS — When you go to the store, how often do you pick things up off the shelf, examine them and then put them back? Some items make it into the cart, others do not. Thanks to the check-out counter, retailers know when something’s been bought, but not much about what made you stop and choose it in the first place. Now, 3D sensing technology may offer an unlikely, yet powerful, solution. In a small suite adjacent to the massive CES 2013 convention hall, Primesense and partner Shopperperception showed me a rather remarkable technology that uses the former’s 3D sensing technology, and an iPad-based analytics app to give retailers an aggregated view of what shoppers are doing at store shelves. Primesense, which unveiled its tiny Capri 3D sensor at the show, also provides the 3D sensing technology for Microsoft’s Kinect for the Xbox 360.  Its low-cost, tiny motherboards bathe the area in front of it in an infrared 3D mesh that a second camera interprets.  It’s how interactive games know not only where multiple people are in a room, but also exactly what each of them is doing. It’s obviously super useful for virtual dancing and driving, but as Primsense demonstrated to me, the open platform can do far more than just play games.  In the case of Shopperception, a Primesense 3D sensor sits high above a store shelf. It’s so small that most shoppers probably wouldn’t notice it, and it’s not taking pictures. Instead the sensor is watching as people touch products on the shelf, take them off the shelf and even as they put them back. Shopperception's app aggregates the data for all the shoppers who interacted with the shelves to create a real-time consumer response report. There’s even a heat map to show which items had the most — and least —shopper activity. Primsense execs tell me that Shopperception is already in some stores and a typical use case scenario is one brand (like Heineken) or manufacturer setting it up to evaluate how their own products and promotions are doing. You can see Shopperception in action in the video above. Watch and the let us know in the comments what you think of the latest innovation in retail.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. LAS VEGAS — When you go to the store, how often do you pick things up off the shelf, examine them and then put them back? Some items make it into the cart, others do not. Thanks to the check-out counter, retailers know when something’s been bought, but not much about what made you stop and choose it in the first place. Now, 3D sensing technology may offer an unlikely, yet powerful, solution. In a small suite adjacent to the massive CES 2013 convention hall, Primesense and partner Shopperperception showed me a rather remarkable technology that uses the former’s 3D sensing technology, and an iPad-based analytics app to give retailers an aggregated view of what shoppers are doing at store shelves. Primesense, which unveiled its tiny Capri 3D sensor at the show, also provides the 3D sensing technology for Microsoft’s Kinect for the Xbox 360.  Its low-cost, tiny motherboards bathe the area in front of it in an infrared 3D mesh that a second camera interprets.  It’s how interactive games know not only where multiple people are in a room, but also exactly what each of them is doing. It’s obviously super useful for virtual dancing and driving, but as Primsense demonstrated to me, the open platform can do far more than just play games.  In the case of Shopperception, a Primesense 3D sensor sits high above a store shelf. It’s so small that most shoppers probably wouldn’t notice it, and it’s not taking pictures. Instead the sensor is watching as people touch products on the shelf, take them off the shelf and even as they put them back. Shopperception's app aggregates the data for all the shoppers who interacted with the shelves to create a real-time consumer response report. There’s even a heat map to show which items had the most — and least —shopper activity. Primsense execs tell me that Shopperception is already in some stores and a typical use case scenario is one brand (like Heineken) or manufacturer setting it up to evaluate how their own products and promotions are doing. You can see Shopperception in action in the video above. Watch and the let us know in the comments what you think of the latest innovation in retail.  Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.