Wikipedia, the site you have probably used countless times to find out information on literally everything, is launching Wikivoyage tentatively sometime next week, reports Skift. The free worldwide travel guide is currently in beta and made waves when it was first made official in September.   The main page acts like a guidebook and features links to articles titled, "Destination of the month," "Off the beaten path," and "Featured travel topic." Each section is clickable. There is also a discover section, which links to its own page. Here you can read about "strange but true trivia about destinations around the world."  When it launches, Wikivoyage will be accessible to everyone for reading or editing. So when you use Google to find out more information on your next trip, Wikivoyage might show up in high the results (like Wikipedia) and provide an extensive overview of the locale. Or you can browse through a long list of places and explore destinations new to you.  When the media began covering the Wiki travel site news, there was immediate speculation that travel guide publishers would have reason for concern with the SEO-dominating site.  The Wikimedia Foundation is the non-profit organization behind Wikipedia. There's already been some controversy surrounding Wikivoyage, namely the kerfuffle over the original travel wiki, Wikitravel becoming Wikivoyages as editors of the former left in droves to edit Wikipedia's new site.  Despite the company's struggles to create the site, for your future travel planning, Wikivoyages might provide a wealth of information and links to other useful resources.  What will you use Wikivoyages for when it's launched? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, alicescully Wikipedia, the site you have probably used countless times to find out information on literally everything, is launching Wikivoyage tentatively sometime next week, reports Skift. The free worldwide travel guide is currently in beta and made waves when it was first made official in September.   The main page acts like a guidebook and features links to articles titled, "Destination of the month," "Off the beaten path," and "Featured travel topic." Each section is clickable. There is also a discover section, which links to its own page. Here you can read about "strange but true trivia about destinations around the world."  When it launches, Wikivoyage will be accessible to everyone for reading or editing. So when you use Google to find out more information on your next trip, Wikivoyage might show up in high the results (like Wikipedia) and provide an extensive overview of the locale. Or you can browse through a long list of places and explore destinations new to you.  When the media began covering the Wiki travel site news, there was immediate speculation that travel guide publishers would have reason for concern with the SEO-dominating site.  The Wikimedia Foundation is the non-profit organization behind Wikipedia. There's already been some controversy surrounding Wikivoyage, namely the kerfuffle over the original travel wiki, Wikitravel becoming Wikivoyages as editors of the former left in droves to edit Wikipedia's new site.  Despite the company's struggles to create the site, for your future travel planning, Wikivoyages might provide a wealth of information and links to other useful resources.  What will you use Wikivoyages for when it's launched? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, alicescully 