When you're sick or have a health concern, is the Internet the first place you turn to for information? A new study shows the web is just a starting place for finding health information — most people still see a doctor for serious concerns.  In a Pew study released today, 35% of U.S. adults say they've used the Internet to diagnose themselves or someone else. And about half of those people followed up with a doctor's visit.  The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project released further data that shows how the more than 3,000 U.S. adults surveyed answered. 59% of U.S. adults say they looked online for health information within the past year. One in four people seeking health information on the web encountered a pay wall. Most tried to find the information somewhere else, some gave up on their quest and only 2% paid a fee. "Online health information is available day or night, at no cost, and the Internet has become a de facto second opinion for many people," Susannah Fox, an associate director of the project and lead author of the report, said in a statement.  SEE ALSO: How Social Media, Mobile Are Playing a Bigger Part in Healthcare  But for serious health issues, most people still see a doctor, or interact with others in person. 70% of U.S. adults found information, care or support from a doctor or other healthcare professional. 60% turned to family or friends for information or support. And 24% found help from others with the same health condition. Most of these interactions occurred offline.  Consumers consult the web for health information, but one place they don't check too often are review websites.  "There has been little growth in the use of health care-related review sites," the study notes. "One in five Internet users have consulted online reviews and rankings of health care service providers and treatments, compared with, for example, the eight in 10 Internet users who say they have researched a general consumer product or service online. And only 3 to 4% of Internet users have posted a health care-related review." This data was taken from a nationwide survey of 3,014 adults living in the United States. Interviews were done in English and Spanish.  Where do you go on the web to find information about health? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, ozlemonal When you're sick or have a health concern, is the Internet the first place you turn to for information? A new study shows the web is just a starting place for finding health information — most people still see a doctor for serious concerns.  In a Pew study released today, 35% of U.S. adults say they've used the Internet to diagnose themselves or someone else. And about half of those people followed up with a doctor's visit.  The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project released further data that shows how the more than 3,000 U.S. adults surveyed answered. 59% of U.S. adults say they looked online for health information within the past year. One in four people seeking health information on the web encountered a pay wall. Most tried to find the information somewhere else, some gave up on their quest and only 2% paid a fee. "Online health information is available day or night, at no cost, and the Internet has become a de facto second opinion for many people," Susannah Fox, an associate director of the project and lead author of the report, said in a statement.  SEE ALSO: How Social Media, Mobile Are Playing a Bigger Part in Healthcare  But for serious health issues, most people still see a doctor, or interact with others in person. 70% of U.S. adults found information, care or support from a doctor or other healthcare professional. 60% turned to family or friends for information or support. And 24% found help from others with the same health condition. Most of these interactions occurred offline.  Consumers consult the web for health information, but one place they don't check too often are review websites.  "There has been little growth in the use of health care-related review sites," the study notes. "One in five Internet users have consulted online reviews and rankings of health care service providers and treatments, compared with, for example, the eight in 10 Internet users who say they have researched a general consumer product or service online. And only 3 to 4% of Internet users have posted a health care-related review." This data was taken from a nationwide survey of 3,014 adults living in the United States. Interviews were done in English and Spanish.  Where do you go on the web to find information about health? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, ozlemonal 