Maybe you only kind of followed the NFL playoffs this weekend. Maybe you know the scores and major stars, but missed the little things that make the games truly entertaining for sports fans of a certain sophistication. We're talking, of course, about plays like this one — and about the hidden trolling talents possessed by one Peter Tebow.  Peter is brother to Tim Tebow, the Internet demigod and fringe NFL quarterback. Tim, as most of us by now know, surged to prominence last season with an improbable string of success quarterbacking the Denver Broncos to eight regular season wins and an upset playoff victory. Then the Broncos unceremoniously shipped Tim off to the New York Jets, where he languished on the bench for a crappy team this season.  When the Broncos lost on Saturday to end their Super Bowl hopes this season with new quarterback Peyton Manning, brother Peter — who works in the Denver area as a youth pastor — couldn't resist a parting shot: Am I the only one in Denver who's happy right now? — Peter Tebow (@petertebow) January 13, 2013 Sports fans seemed to enjoy Peter's trolling schadenfreude, retweeting the post more than 2,100 times.  There seems to be a nice digital good/evil dynamic at play now between the brothers Tebow. On the one had, we've got the inspiration for a legendary meme and someone who calls a hospitalized child after a viral Twitter campaign, then on the other we've got a vindictive fellow who enjoys trolling entire metropolitan areas. We can't wait to see what Peter has to say about the Jets' results next season, assuming they cut Tim loose as expected.  If you were Tim Tebow, would you be annoyed at Peter's tweet, or does it not matter? Give us your take in the comments.  Image credit Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Al MesserschmidtMaybe you only kind of followed the NFL playoffs this weekend. Maybe you know the scores and major stars, but missed the little things that make the games truly entertaining for sports fans of a certain sophistication. We're talking, of course, about plays like this one — and about the hidden trolling talents possessed by one Peter Tebow.  Peter is brother to Tim Tebow, the Internet demigod and fringe NFL quarterback. Tim, as most of us by now know, surged to prominence last season with an improbable string of success quarterbacking the Denver Broncos to eight regular season wins and an upset playoff victory. Then the Broncos unceremoniously shipped Tim off to the New York Jets, where he languished on the bench for a crappy team this season.  When the Broncos lost on Saturday to end their Super Bowl hopes this season with new quarterback Peyton Manning, brother Peter — who works in the Denver area as a youth pastor — couldn't resist a parting shot: Am I the only one in Denver who's happy right now? — Peter Tebow (@petertebow) January 13, 2013 Sports fans seemed to enjoy Peter's trolling schadenfreude, retweeting the post more than 2,100 times.  There seems to be a nice digital good/evil dynamic at play now between the brothers Tebow. On the one had, we've got the inspiration for a legendary meme and someone who calls a hospitalized child after a viral Twitter campaign, then on the other we've got a vindictive fellow who enjoys trolling entire metropolitan areas. We can't wait to see what Peter has to say about the Jets' results next season, assuming they cut Tim loose as expected.  If you were Tim Tebow, would you be annoyed at Peter's tweet, or does it not matter? Give us your take in the comments.  Image credit Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Al Messerschmidt