New Myspace — with its drastically different redesign — has left invite-only mode, opening up the revamped social network to the public.  The landing page for New.Myspace.com shows a dapper Justin Timberlake and promotes his new "Suit and Tie" single that he released late Sunday night.  Timberlake, who took an ownership stake in the company in 2011, had given the world a sneak peek of New Myspace in September, but now anyone can use the refurbished network.  SEE ALSO: Justin Timberlake Returns With 'Suit and Tie' Single Featuring Jay-Z The modern design features horizontal navigation, and like Pinterest, is heavy on visuals. But Myspace wouldn't be Myspace without a focus on music.  BONUS: The New MySpace — Music Meets Social, Done Right Myspace is all-new, and it's all about making music social. The new site is backed by Justin Timberlake and incorporates many elements of modern web design, particularly an emphasis on visual media. Although the site excels at discovery, its iconography is sometimes perplexing. Myspace's design is based on a horizontal scroll, which incorporates a news feed of your updates and those of other users and artists you're following. Cover photos must be high quality, and your playback queue (seen on the bottom) is always present. If you mouse over the queue, as in this screenshot, album covers appear. Setting up your profile thankfully doesn't take long, and you can use your Twitter or Facebook accounts to log in. You can also log into the new site with your "MySpace Classic" info. Myspace asks a little about your background and interests, which determines the areas on the site where like-minded users can find you. The new Myspace keeps privacy settings simple, at least for now. Finding artists and songs to connect with is easy once you figure it out. The site encourages you to create and share playlists, called Mixes. You can make them private, too. Just start typing anywhere, anytime on the site to begin a search -- very convenient. Not sure where to start on Myspace? Browsing people in your area or who share your interests is as good a place as any. You can browse the users and artists you've connected with very easily. The site's layout is clean throughout. The Trending page has many articles on various entertainment topics, but would probably be better served by an aggregator. Here's what an article looks like -- very similar to the news apps in Windows 8. Myspace puts the focus on what you're sharing in any moment, pushing the rest of the site to the background. The icons that represent the nature of your connection with people are a little confusing at first, though the "affinity" you have with someone else is arguably more helpful. Videos take up you're whole browser window, but if you navigate away they get reduced to a smaller pop-up window, with no interruption in playback. Myspace's clever 404 page, which includes a Mix. Image via New.Myspace.comNew Myspace — with its drastically different redesign — has left invite-only mode, opening up the revamped social network to the public.  The landing page for New.Myspace.com shows a dapper Justin Timberlake and promotes his new "Suit and Tie" single that he released late Sunday night.  Timberlake, who took an ownership stake in the company in 2011, had given the world a sneak peek of New Myspace in September, but now anyone can use the refurbished network.  SEE ALSO: Justin Timberlake Returns With 'Suit and Tie' Single Featuring Jay-Z The modern design features horizontal navigation, and like Pinterest, is heavy on visuals. But Myspace wouldn't be Myspace without a focus on music.  BONUS: The New MySpace — Music Meets Social, Done Right Myspace is all-new, and it's all about making music social. The new site is backed by Justin Timberlake and incorporates many elements of modern web design, particularly an emphasis on visual media. Although the site excels at discovery, its iconography is sometimes perplexing. Myspace's design is based on a horizontal scroll, which incorporates a news feed of your updates and those of other users and artists you're following. Cover photos must be high quality, and your playback queue (seen on the bottom) is always present. If you mouse over the queue, as in this screenshot, album covers appear. Setting up your profile thankfully doesn't take long, and you can use your Twitter or Facebook accounts to log in. You can also log into the new site with your "MySpace Classic" info. Myspace asks a little about your background and interests, which determines the areas on the site where like-minded users can find you. The new Myspace keeps privacy settings simple, at least for now. Finding artists and songs to connect with is easy once you figure it out. The site encourages you to create and share playlists, called Mixes. You can make them private, too. Just start typing anywhere, anytime on the site to begin a search -- very convenient. Not sure where to start on Myspace? Browsing people in your area or who share your interests is as good a place as any. You can browse the users and artists you've connected with very easily. The site's layout is clean throughout. The Trending page has many articles on various entertainment topics, but would probably be better served by an aggregator. Here's what an article looks like -- very similar to the news apps in Windows 8. Myspace puts the focus on what you're sharing in any moment, pushing the rest of the site to the background. The icons that represent the nature of your connection with people are a little confusing at first, though the "affinity" you have with someone else is arguably more helpful. Videos take up you're whole browser window, but if you navigate away they get reduced to a smaller pop-up window, with no interruption in playback. Myspace's clever 404 page, which includes a Mix. Image via New.Myspace.com