 There's a glitch in the Matrix down south in Atlanta, Ga. How do we know this? Thanks to an occult moment that happened during a promotion at an NBA game. A fan named Kevin was given a chance to win $1,000 by hitting a half-court shot during a break in play between a Jazz-Hawks contest this Saturday. Kevin elected to go with the one-handed, over-handed, quarterback-style toss but the end result was even more incredible than any swish. As you see above, the ball lands squarely on the back of the rim without bouncing or rolling around.  SEE ALSO: The Incredible Story of a 5-Foot-5 Dunking Sensation
 The ball just sits there for a few full seconds until the contest's MC hops up to pull the net and jostle it loose. Things get even weirder as the ball finally falls through the room to applause from an audience of stunned sports fans.  At the end of the video, the announcer seems to say that Kevin has indeed won his $1,000, despite the shot's rather bizarre circumstances.  Do you think it should have counted? Give us your take in the comments.  Thumbnail image courtesy YouTube user NBAshowtimeHD There's a glitch in the Matrix down south in Atlanta, Ga. How do we know this? Thanks to an occult moment that happened during a promotion at an NBA game. A fan named Kevin was given a chance to win $1,000 by hitting a half-court shot during a break in play between a Jazz-Hawks contest this Saturday. Kevin elected to go with the one-handed, over-handed, quarterback-style toss but the end result was even more incredible than any swish. As you see above, the ball lands squarely on the back of the rim without bouncing or rolling around.  SEE ALSO: The Incredible Story of a 5-Foot-5 Dunking Sensation
 The ball just sits there for a few full seconds until the contest's MC hops up to pull the net and jostle it loose. Things get even weirder as the ball finally falls through the room to applause from an audience of stunned sports fans.  At the end of the video, the announcer seems to say that Kevin has indeed won his $1,000, despite the shot's rather bizarre circumstances.  Do you think it should have counted? Give us your take in the comments.  Thumbnail image courtesy YouTube user NBAshowtimeHD