The latest Facebook phishing scam tricks people into thinking they're verifying their Facebook information while actually giving away personal data.  The scam works when a user clicks on what looks like a link from a friend in a tweet or post. That link takes them to a fake Facebook page where they can log in. They are then are asked to verify a bunch of information — that's where the worst damage can occur. The user is asked to enter credit card information, down to the security code.  SEE ALSO: 5 Tips to Keep Spear Phishers Out of Your Inbox  Scams like these are not uncommon. You may be wise enough to know not to give personal details to an unverified account or person online, but do your children?  Caroline Knorr, parenting editor at Common Sense Media tells Mashable "today's kids who are active online need to develop a 'nose' for phishing scams." Often, phishing scams come in the form of a letter and seem legitimate, but increasingly, phishing scams are finding their way to social networks. And they're getting more sophisticated.  Knorr says if it looks strange, don't click it. "But as this scam shows, phishers on social networks can very accurately recreate a legitimate website's page to a T." It can be confusing for anyone when it seems like a friend is directing you to some content. But there are a few things you can teach your kids (and perhaps learn yourself) when it comes to steering clear of scams.  "First, be wary of any link that asks you to verify your username and password, or provide other sensitive information. Most trusted businesses will not ask you for this kind of information over email or without notice," Knorr said.  Kids should let their parents know if someone requested a social security number or credit card information.  "Second of all, take a close look at the link itself. Most legitimate businesses handling sensitive information use the Internet protocol HTTPS instead of the regular HTTP address. Phishers will likely not use the secure protocol," she adds. "They will also try to fool you by using a similar, but phony, URL." Make sure letters in the URL are not missing or words are not misspelled on purpose. And lastly, she says, know your friends.  "If it seems strange that your aunt or grandfather would share a link to a Gangnam Style parody on their Facebook page, then it's likely they weren't in control of that post!" Knorr says.  What do you do to educate your kids about phishing scams on the Internet? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto digiphotoboyThe latest Facebook phishing scam tricks people into thinking they're verifying their Facebook information while actually giving away personal data.  The scam works when a user clicks on what looks like a link from a friend in a tweet or post. That link takes them to a fake Facebook page where they can log in. They are then are asked to verify a bunch of information — that's where the worst damage can occur. The user is asked to enter credit card information, down to the security code.  SEE ALSO: 5 Tips to Keep Spear Phishers Out of Your Inbox  Scams like these are not uncommon. You may be wise enough to know not to give personal details to an unverified account or person online, but do your children?  Caroline Knorr, parenting editor at Common Sense Media tells Mashable "today's kids who are active online need to develop a 'nose' for phishing scams." Often, phishing scams come in the form of a letter and seem legitimate, but increasingly, phishing scams are finding their way to social networks. And they're getting more sophisticated.  Knorr says if it looks strange, don't click it. "But as this scam shows, phishers on social networks can very accurately recreate a legitimate website's page to a T." It can be confusing for anyone when it seems like a friend is directing you to some content. But there are a few things you can teach your kids (and perhaps learn yourself) when it comes to steering clear of scams.  "First, be wary of any link that asks you to verify your username and password, or provide other sensitive information. Most trusted businesses will not ask you for this kind of information over email or without notice," Knorr said.  Kids should let their parents know if someone requested a social security number or credit card information.  "Second of all, take a close look at the link itself. Most legitimate businesses handling sensitive information use the Internet protocol HTTPS instead of the regular HTTP address. Phishers will likely not use the secure protocol," she adds. "They will also try to fool you by using a similar, but phony, URL." Make sure letters in the URL are not missing or words are not misspelled on purpose. And lastly, she says, know your friends.  "If it seems strange that your aunt or grandfather would share a link to a Gangnam Style parody on their Facebook page, then it's likely they weren't in control of that post!" Knorr says.  What do you do to educate your kids about phishing scams on the Internet? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto digiphotoboy