Google on Wednesday answered a query that had been consuming the blogosphere for 24 hours: Why did the donkey lie down on the road? The speculation began when an image of a donkey lying on its side in the middle of a dirt road in the Kweneng region of Botswana emerged on Street View. Then @TheRealSheldonCooper tweeted his suspicions about the photo to his 149,000 followers.  I think google street view ran over a donkey in Botswana;maps.gstatic.com/m/streetview/?… — Dr. Sheldon Cooper(@TheRealSheldonC) January 14, 2013 After a social media uproar, Google addressed the controversy on its Google Maps blog on Wednesday. In a post entitled "Never ass-ume," Kei Kawai, group product manager for Google Maps provided photographic evidence that the donkey got up and walked away after the above image was taken.  So what was the donkey doing? Kawai speculated that the donkey was taking a dust bath. This isn't the first time Google has posted a provocative image on Street View. Past sightings include an apparently headless man, a guy getting arrested and what looks like a beam from outer space. Steve Jobs was also apparently spotted in a Street View image as well.  Take a minute and think about the gargantuan task of photographing every inch of road in the world. Is your mind blown? Now you may understand why Google needs so many cars. Sometimes Google has to employ a tricycle for those hard-to-reach streets. Using a trike also decreases the carbon footprint created by sending a bunch of cars to just drive around.  There has been much controversy swirling around how the tech behemoth handles the data it collects on the public, but this is proof that Google wants to keep everyone's most personal information anonymous -- even if they're not really people at all. Some people see the Google cars right away and make an effort to be noticed. This guy is certainly a strong contender to be the leader of the group. Check out the next few pics to see his comrades. Some websites feature the legacy version of this photo of two gentlemen in hot pursuit of the Google car. For a reason that defies logic, the two have been blurred almost completely. But look closely at their shadows and you can still see their intentions. Maybe Google disapproves of using accessories intended for exclusive use in the sea on land? This looks like a shot right out of an '80s movie where the lovable main character is getting chased home from school by three bullies on much more powerful, motorized scooters. If anyone ever has doubt about this kid's ability to pop a sick wheelie, he need only refer to them to Google Maps, the ultimate proof. Let's be honest. If you saw the Google car going through your block, you'd be curious what it is, too. You might even bust out your camcorder and film the event if you had one in your backseat. Looks like these guys did just that. Maybe next time, this guy will be a little more subtle about checking out the next woman that walks by him. Or at least he'll be more aware of the car with the giant orb on the roof? Let's hope so. Guys in Italy apparently have much in common with guys in Florida. This man is a little bolder though. We wonder how he chose what to look at - the strange Google camera car or the attractive girl on the sidewalk? We just hope this wasn't a fateful glance like the driver in the next photo. You: Officer, I was distracted by the car with Google graphics all over it and a six-foot beam with a giant camera orb attached to the top! Officer: Sorry, you're still at fault. Here's your ticket. A slew of new mobile apps allow you to open and close your garage door when you're miles away from home. Maybe this is evidence that it's better to press the button while you're there. Either this guy isn't too hip on the idea of the Google Street View camera or he really has to go to the bathroom. Sure, that fence would easily keep out the prying eyes of the few people walking by, but will it keep out the curious eyes of everyone else using the Internet? Start investing in fence companies - they're probably going to start seeing an uptick in materials needs. We're not sure, but we don't think there are any bikes down there. But maybe... A camera on top of a long pole on top of a car is bound to run into some low-hanging objects every now and again. Of course, you knew these kinds of photos were coming. People do weird things and the omni-present street cam will catch you doing the weird things that you do. Like this guy, pulling his penguin friend around while riding his giant bicycle. Sometimes the Google Street Cam melds two images together to form entirely new things! Like this photo of Alex from Madagascar turned into a strange lion cyclops. Apparently avian species are also curious about the globe-like camera device attached to roofs of Google cars. If you look closely, you can see Google is smiling ear to ear. Images courtesy of GoogleGoogle on Wednesday answered a query that had been consuming the blogosphere for 24 hours: Why did the donkey lie down on the road? The speculation began when an image of a donkey lying on its side in the middle of a dirt road in the Kweneng region of Botswana emerged on Street View. Then @TheRealSheldonCooper tweeted his suspicions about the photo to his 149,000 followers.  I think google street view ran over a donkey in Botswana;maps.gstatic.com/m/streetview/?… — Dr. Sheldon Cooper(@TheRealSheldonC) January 14, 2013 After a social media uproar, Google addressed the controversy on its Google Maps blog on Wednesday. In a post entitled "Never ass-ume," Kei Kawai, group product manager for Google Maps provided photographic evidence that the donkey got up and walked away after the above image was taken.  So what was the donkey doing? Kawai speculated that the donkey was taking a dust bath. This isn't the first time Google has posted a provocative image on Street View. Past sightings include an apparently headless man, a guy getting arrested and what looks like a beam from outer space. Steve Jobs was also apparently spotted in a Street View image as well.  Take a minute and think about the gargantuan task of photographing every inch of road in the world. Is your mind blown? Now you may understand why Google needs so many cars. Sometimes Google has to employ a tricycle for those hard-to-reach streets. Using a trike also decreases the carbon footprint created by sending a bunch of cars to just drive around.  There has been much controversy swirling around how the tech behemoth handles the data it collects on the public, but this is proof that Google wants to keep everyone's most personal information anonymous -- even if they're not really people at all. Some people see the Google cars right away and make an effort to be noticed. This guy is certainly a strong contender to be the leader of the group. Check out the next few pics to see his comrades. Some websites feature the legacy version of this photo of two gentlemen in hot pursuit of the Google car. For a reason that defies logic, the two have been blurred almost completely. But look closely at their shadows and you can still see their intentions. Maybe Google disapproves of using accessories intended for exclusive use in the sea on land? This looks like a shot right out of an '80s movie where the lovable main character is getting chased home from school by three bullies on much more powerful, motorized scooters. If anyone ever has doubt about this kid's ability to pop a sick wheelie, he need only refer to them to Google Maps, the ultimate proof. Let's be honest. If you saw the Google car going through your block, you'd be curious what it is, too. You might even bust out your camcorder and film the event if you had one in your backseat. Looks like these guys did just that. Maybe next time, this guy will be a little more subtle about checking out the next woman that walks by him. Or at least he'll be more aware of the car with the giant orb on the roof? Let's hope so. Guys in Italy apparently have much in common with guys in Florida. This man is a little bolder though. We wonder how he chose what to look at - the strange Google camera car or the attractive girl on the sidewalk? We just hope this wasn't a fateful glance like the driver in the next photo. You: Officer, I was distracted by the car with Google graphics all over it and a six-foot beam with a giant camera orb attached to the top! Officer: Sorry, you're still at fault. Here's your ticket. A slew of new mobile apps allow you to open and close your garage door when you're miles away from home. Maybe this is evidence that it's better to press the button while you're there. Either this guy isn't too hip on the idea of the Google Street View camera or he really has to go to the bathroom. Sure, that fence would easily keep out the prying eyes of the few people walking by, but will it keep out the curious eyes of everyone else using the Internet? Start investing in fence companies - they're probably going to start seeing an uptick in materials needs. We're not sure, but we don't think there are any bikes down there. But maybe... A camera on top of a long pole on top of a car is bound to run into some low-hanging objects every now and again. Of course, you knew these kinds of photos were coming. People do weird things and the omni-present street cam will catch you doing the weird things that you do. Like this guy, pulling his penguin friend around while riding his giant bicycle. Sometimes the Google Street Cam melds two images together to form entirely new things! Like this photo of Alex from Madagascar turned into a strange lion cyclops. Apparently avian species are also curious about the globe-like camera device attached to roofs of Google cars. If you look closely, you can see Google is smiling ear to ear. Images courtesy of Google