Nowadays, sneaking in a personal call or quick browse through Facebook during work is typical on-the-job behavior. But what if you abandoned work completely and outsourced your job to, say, China? That's precisely what one U.S. developer got away with last year, paying a Chinese consulting firm 20% of his six-figure salary to do his job. Referred to as "Bob" in a case study outlined by Verizon's security team, the employee worked for a U.S.-based critical-infrastructure company, and was versed in C++, Java, Python, Ruby, as well as other programming languages. Despite his skills, however, Bob didn't do any work. Here's how a typical day went for him: 9:00 a.m. - Arrive and surf Reddit for a couple of hours. Watch cat videos.11:30 a.m. - Take lunch1:00 p.m. - Ebay time 2:00 p.m. - Facebook updates, LinkedIn4:30 p.m. - End-of-day update email to management5:00 p.m. - Go home This particular company wasn't Bob's only victim; the Verizon report said he similarly scammed "multiple companies in the area," earning several hundred thousand dollars a year, while the outsourced Chinese firm earned around $50,000 annually.  What's more, as Bob's performance reviews reveal, it was a business model that worked. For the past few years, he had been receiving "excellent remarks," according to the report. "His code was clean, well-written and submitted in a timely fashion. Quarter after quarter, his performance review noted him as the best developer in the building." For the entire unbelievable tale, visit Verizon's blog. What's the riskiest thing you've ever done at work? Tell us — if you dare — in the comments below. [via The Next Web] Image courtesy of Flickr, jonas.lowgrenNowadays, sneaking in a personal call or quick browse through Facebook during work is typical on-the-job behavior. But what if you abandoned work completely and outsourced your job to, say, China? That's precisely what one U.S. developer got away with last year, paying a Chinese consulting firm 20% of his six-figure salary to do his job. Referred to as "Bob" in a case study outlined by Verizon's security team, the employee worked for a U.S.-based critical-infrastructure company, and was versed in C++, Java, Python, Ruby, as well as other programming languages. Despite his skills, however, Bob didn't do any work. Here's how a typical day went for him: 9:00 a.m. - Arrive and surf Reddit for a couple of hours. Watch cat videos.11:30 a.m. - Take lunch1:00 p.m. - Ebay time 2:00 p.m. - Facebook updates, LinkedIn4:30 p.m. - End-of-day update email to management5:00 p.m. - Go home This particular company wasn't Bob's only victim; the Verizon report said he similarly scammed "multiple companies in the area," earning several hundred thousand dollars a year, while the outsourced Chinese firm earned around $50,000 annually.  What's more, as Bob's performance reviews reveal, it was a business model that worked. For the past few years, he had been receiving "excellent remarks," according to the report. "His code was clean, well-written and submitted in a timely fashion. Quarter after quarter, his performance review noted him as the best developer in the building." For the entire unbelievable tale, visit Verizon's blog. What's the riskiest thing you've ever done at work? Tell us — if you dare — in the comments below. [via The Next Web] Image courtesy of Flickr, jonas.lowgren