Rovio Entertainment, the Finnish gaming firm best known for its Angry Birds franchise, tweeted on Friday that it has more than a quarter billion active users. Over 260 million active users for our games means one thing: We're not stopping here! Thanks everyone! #quarterofabillion — Rovio Entertainment (@RovioHQ) January 11, 2013 Although Rovio didn't expand on the statement, the figure likely refers to monthly active users, the industry standard. At the Mipcom conference in Cannes, France, back in October, EVP Andrew Stalbow announced that the Angry Birds games had 200 million monthly users. Stabow added, "In any given day, we have 20 to 30 million people playing our games connected." Zynga, meanwhile, claimed 306 million active users around the same time.  Though Rovio has had trouble expanding beyond Angry Birds, the three-year-old franchise keeps on giving. In November, the company introduced yet another Birds title, Angry Birds Star Wars. An Angry Birds movie also is set for 2016. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, RobasRovio Entertainment, the Finnish gaming firm best known for its Angry Birds franchise, tweeted on Friday that it has more than a quarter billion active users. Over 260 million active users for our games means one thing: We're not stopping here! Thanks everyone! #quarterofabillion — Rovio Entertainment (@RovioHQ) January 11, 2013 Although Rovio didn't expand on the statement, the figure likely refers to monthly active users, the industry standard. At the Mipcom conference in Cannes, France, back in October, EVP Andrew Stalbow announced that the Angry Birds games had 200 million monthly users. Stabow added, "In any given day, we have 20 to 30 million people playing our games connected." Zynga, meanwhile, claimed 306 million active users around the same time.  Though Rovio has had trouble expanding beyond Angry Birds, the three-year-old franchise keeps on giving. In November, the company introduced yet another Birds title, Angry Birds Star Wars. An Angry Birds movie also is set for 2016. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, Robas