When you don't feel well, or need to find a doctor in your area, do you check Google first? The Internet has become the go-to place to look for medical information for 35% of U.S. adults, according to the latest Pew Internet and American Life Project Health Online 2013 report.  Half of those who searched for medical information online sought out a doctor's opinion as a follow-up as well. But what if you could do both at the same time?  With 59% of U.S. adults saying they looked for health information online within the past year, it seems whether for convenience, ease of use, free opinions or any number of reasons, people are gravitating to the online world when it comes to finding out about their health. That's why Jeff Arnold, the founder of popular site WebMD, is so excited about Sharecare.  I sat down with him after the Digital Health Summit at the International CES last week to learn more about the social platform, and why cardiologist and TV personality Dr. Mehmet Oz  is a partner and huge fan.   Photo via Peter Sylvester Jeff Arnold says his goal with Sharecare was to form partnerships and humanize health in a way that would have a measurable impact. So he created a site that lets people find health experts, connect and share stories, and get information on topics ranging from the flu to autism. He's working with hospitals and companies to help educate consumers and wants Sharecare to be the place people go to search for health info. The fact is though, when you look at the Pew survey results, most people start their search for health care at a search engine. They don't necessarily head to one of the health verticals.  That's probably because people don't engage with health on a daily basis, usually just when they're sick and need information. The question is, will they trust social health sites to give them safe, reliable information and recommendations? SEE ALSO: Internet Is First Stop for Many Ill People, Study Finds
 Dr. Oz sees Sharecare and other health verticals as a "Facebook with health info." It's a place people can go to get information, share and engage. He tells me there needed to be a "playful, fun, uplifting way to get the public engaged in health."  Not all doctors have their own TV show, of course, and not many even have the social expertise to create their own Facebook page to engage with patients. Sharecare allows them to get referrals by answering questions and to communicate with a broad array of potential clients. When people looks for answers, Dr. Oz says, "they want concise, clear info they can trust."  Sharecare is expanding, having just launched the HealthMakers 250 video channel, which is an online library of over two thousand videos by prominent health figures.  Jeff Arnold says getting info on the site is like building your own virtual medical team and, with this technology, it seems there is the potential for much more. Patients will be able to schedule appointments online, exchange messages through email and, as Dr. Oz put it, "create an experience where you feel like you control your body and take away intimidating elements." Would you search for health care info and doctor referrals on a health vertical? What kind of information would you like to see available? Photo via Jason Kempin/Getty ImagesWhen you don't feel well, or need to find a doctor in your area, do you check Google first? The Internet has become the go-to place to look for medical information for 35% of U.S. adults, according to the latest Pew Internet and American Life Project Health Online 2013 report.  Half of those who searched for medical information online sought out a doctor's opinion as a follow-up as well. But what if you could do both at the same time?  With 59% of U.S. adults saying they looked for health information online within the past year, it seems whether for convenience, ease of use, free opinions or any number of reasons, people are gravitating to the online world when it comes to finding out about their health. That's why Jeff Arnold, the founder of popular site WebMD, is so excited about Sharecare.  I sat down with him after the Digital Health Summit at the International CES last week to learn more about the social platform, and why cardiologist and TV personality Dr. Mehmet Oz  is a partner and huge fan.   Photo via Peter Sylvester Jeff Arnold says his goal with Sharecare was to form partnerships and humanize health in a way that would have a measurable impact. So he created a site that lets people find health experts, connect and share stories, and get information on topics ranging from the flu to autism. He's working with hospitals and companies to help educate consumers and wants Sharecare to be the place people go to search for health info. The fact is though, when you look at the Pew survey results, most people start their search for health care at a search engine. They don't necessarily head to one of the health verticals.  That's probably because people don't engage with health on a daily basis, usually just when they're sick and need information. The question is, will they trust social health sites to give them safe, reliable information and recommendations? SEE ALSO: Internet Is First Stop for Many Ill People, Study Finds
 Dr. Oz sees Sharecare and other health verticals as a "Facebook with health info." It's a place people can go to get information, share and engage. He tells me there needed to be a "playful, fun, uplifting way to get the public engaged in health."  Not all doctors have their own TV show, of course, and not many even have the social expertise to create their own Facebook page to engage with patients. Sharecare allows them to get referrals by answering questions and to communicate with a broad array of potential clients. When people looks for answers, Dr. Oz says, "they want concise, clear info they can trust."  Sharecare is expanding, having just launched the HealthMakers 250 video channel, which is an online library of over two thousand videos by prominent health figures.  Jeff Arnold says getting info on the site is like building your own virtual medical team and, with this technology, it seems there is the potential for much more. Patients will be able to schedule appointments online, exchange messages through email and, as Dr. Oz put it, "create an experience where you feel like you control your body and take away intimidating elements." Would you search for health care info and doctor referrals on a health vertical? What kind of information would you like to see available? Photo via Jason Kempin/Getty Images