 Dear Frosty: A bit of advice from us — run, hide, camouflage. There's a masked man on the loose and he's looking for your carrot nose.  We're not sure why this dude's got a vendetta against our icy friends, but he's determined to crush, destroy and obliterate them in any fashion possible. And record it in slow motion.  SEE ALSO: Watch Water Balloons Smash Into Shirtless Dudes in Slow Mo
 Some of his past crimes against snowmen include melting them with boiling water or decapitating them with a chain saw.  No need to watch that latest horror movie, just watch this crazed man tackling poor snowmen. We're guessing he's going after snow angels next.  Image courtesy YouTube, thethrashlab. BONUS:Woof! These 15 Slush Puppies Are Crazy About Snow Image courtesy of Flickr, oakleyoriginals Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, soggydan Image courtesy of Flickr, fpat Image courtesy of Flickr, maplegirlie Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, marcobellucci Image courtesy of Flickr, ronguillen Image courtesy of Flickr, bokswagen Image courtesy of Flickr, australianshepherds Image courtesy of Flickr, sakura0213 Image courtesy of Flickr, olgierd Image courtesy of Imgur Dear Frosty: A bit of advice from us — run, hide, camouflage. There's a masked man on the loose and he's looking for your carrot nose.  We're not sure why this dude's got a vendetta against our icy friends, but he's determined to crush, destroy and obliterate them in any fashion possible. And record it in slow motion.  SEE ALSO: Watch Water Balloons Smash Into Shirtless Dudes in Slow Mo
 Some of his past crimes against snowmen include melting them with boiling water or decapitating them with a chain saw.  No need to watch that latest horror movie, just watch this crazed man tackling poor snowmen. We're guessing he's going after snow angels next.  Image courtesy YouTube, thethrashlab. BONUS:Woof! These 15 Slush Puppies Are Crazy About Snow Image courtesy of Flickr, oakleyoriginals Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, soggydan Image courtesy of Flickr, fpat Image courtesy of Flickr, maplegirlie Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Imgur Image courtesy of Flickr, marcobellucci Image courtesy of Flickr, ronguillen Image courtesy of Flickr, bokswagen Image courtesy of Flickr, australianshepherds Image courtesy of Flickr, sakura0213 Image courtesy of Flickr, olgierd Image courtesy of Imgur