Image courtesy of Flickr, Thunderhammer3000 Image courtesy of Root Mugwort Image courtesy of Salutaymar Image courtesy of Flickr, Thunderhammer3000 Image courtesy of Flickr, Mylor via  Image courtesy of Flickr, JosephGilbert.org Image courtesy of Wikipedia, Wilinckx Image courtesy of Flickr, il Vanzo - tiny little pieces Image courtesy of Flickr, oskay Image courtesy of Wikipedia, хіИ оН хоЯ ASCII art is an early graphic-design technique, dating back to the 1890s when typewriters became more than just a new tool for writing. Public speed-typing competitions and typewriter drawings were a popular form of entertainment and artwork. The earliest preserved example of typewriter art was made in 1898 by a woman named Flora Stacey. As computers advance, so does the ability to create unique artwork. ASCII art is an outdated practice, but people are still blowing minds by incorporating typography and shading techniques. SEE ALSO: 10 Kinetic Typography Music Videos Some of these pieces of ASCII art have seen slight Photoshop alterations, while others stick to the more traditional medium. Take a look in the gallery above. Image courtesy of Wikipedia, WilinckxImage courtesy of Flickr, Thunderhammer3000 Image courtesy of Root Mugwort Image courtesy of Salutaymar Image courtesy of Flickr, Thunderhammer3000 Image courtesy of Flickr, Mylor via  Image courtesy of Flickr, JosephGilbert.org Image courtesy of Wikipedia, Wilinckx Image courtesy of Flickr, il Vanzo - tiny little pieces Image courtesy of Flickr, oskay Image courtesy of Wikipedia, хіИ оН хоЯ ASCII art is an early graphic-design technique, dating back to the 1890s when typewriters became more than just a new tool for writing. Public speed-typing competitions and typewriter drawings were a popular form of entertainment and artwork. The earliest preserved example of typewriter art was made in 1898 by a woman named Flora Stacey. As computers advance, so does the ability to create unique artwork. ASCII art is an outdated practice, but people are still blowing minds by incorporating typography and shading techniques. SEE ALSO: 10 Kinetic Typography Music Videos Some of these pieces of ASCII art have seen slight Photoshop alterations, while others stick to the more traditional medium. Take a look in the gallery above. Image courtesy of Wikipedia, Wilinckx