 LAS VEGAS — It was expected, but still impressive. Nvidia unveiled its quad-core Tegra 4 mobile processor at CES 2013, and many products with the next-generation chip are already planned. One of them was a the show: The 10.1-inch model in Vizio's new Android tablets, and I got a little one-on-one time with it. The sample I checked out was a prototype. The finishing wasn't final, but the screen and software were pretty much final. The screen, by the way, is a 2,560 x 1,600 display, comparable with Google's Nexus 10. The software is close to pure Android 4.1 "Jelly Bean," mirroring Vizio's approach with its Windows 8 machines: Getting rid of the bloatware. The tablet (no name yet) is relatively light, noticeably less hefty than an iPad. The screen looks great, rendering retina-resolution photos with amazing clarity. Droplets on a petal of a rose, for example, had excellent texture, and you could see the details of the light reflected in each one. Have you ever had that experience on a tablet or phone of flipping too fast through photos that the screen can't keep up? Didn't happen at all on the Vizio tablet. Every pic slid in and appeared instantaneously or close to it. Videos look good, too, and, like photos, playback begins just as you tap the play button. Graphics-intensive websites load fast, on par with the iPad 4. There weren't any games or benchmarks loaded on the tablet, so I couldn't really give Vizio's 10-inch tablet a thorough workout, but we're looking forward to checking it out when it's released, scheduled for this summer (no prices yet). Preliminary specs call for 32GB of storage, a 5MP camera in back and a 1.3MP one in back, and the micro trifecta of HDMI, USB and SD card ports. The tablet doesn't have a name yet, and it's joined by a 7-inch model, which is closer to final product. That one will pack Tegra 3 and 16GB of storage as well as have a 1,280 x 800 screen. How do you like Vizio's Tegra 4-powered tablet? Let us know in the comments. This Android tablet, which Vizio plans to launch later in 2013, is one of the only devices at CES powered by Nvidia's latest and greatest mobile processor, the Tegra 4. The OS is Android 4.1 "Jelly Bean." The screen resolution is 2.560 x 1,600 -- comparable with the Google Nexus 10 Vizio is also launching a 7-inch design, powered by Nvidia's Tegra 3. LAS VEGAS — It was expected, but still impressive. Nvidia unveiled its quad-core Tegra 4 mobile processor at CES 2013, and many products with the next-generation chip are already planned. One of them was a the show: The 10.1-inch model in Vizio's new Android tablets, and I got a little one-on-one time with it. The sample I checked out was a prototype. The finishing wasn't final, but the screen and software were pretty much final. The screen, by the way, is a 2,560 x 1,600 display, comparable with Google's Nexus 10. The software is close to pure Android 4.1 "Jelly Bean," mirroring Vizio's approach with its Windows 8 machines: Getting rid of the bloatware. The tablet (no name yet) is relatively light, noticeably less hefty than an iPad. The screen looks great, rendering retina-resolution photos with amazing clarity. Droplets on a petal of a rose, for example, had excellent texture, and you could see the details of the light reflected in each one. Have you ever had that experience on a tablet or phone of flipping too fast through photos that the screen can't keep up? Didn't happen at all on the Vizio tablet. Every pic slid in and appeared instantaneously or close to it. Videos look good, too, and, like photos, playback begins just as you tap the play button. Graphics-intensive websites load fast, on par with the iPad 4. There weren't any games or benchmarks loaded on the tablet, so I couldn't really give Vizio's 10-inch tablet a thorough workout, but we're looking forward to checking it out when it's released, scheduled for this summer (no prices yet). Preliminary specs call for 32GB of storage, a 5MP camera in back and a 1.3MP one in back, and the micro trifecta of HDMI, USB and SD card ports. The tablet doesn't have a name yet, and it's joined by a 7-inch model, which is closer to final product. That one will pack Tegra 3 and 16GB of storage as well as have a 1,280 x 800 screen. How do you like Vizio's Tegra 4-powered tablet? Let us know in the comments. This Android tablet, which Vizio plans to launch later in 2013, is one of the only devices at CES powered by Nvidia's latest and greatest mobile processor, the Tegra 4. The OS is Android 4.1 "Jelly Bean." The screen resolution is 2.560 x 1,600 -- comparable with the Google Nexus 10 Vizio is also launching a 7-inch design, powered by Nvidia's Tegra 3.