Google's stock price barely budged on the news of Facebook's Graph Search after investors concluded that the search giant has little to fear from Facebook. That's because Graph Search is more akin to Yelp or Foursquare — at least in its current incarnation — than Google. That's not to say, however, that Facebook isn't going after the search advertising market. Back in August, Facebook released Sponsored Results, its first search ad units. Sponsored Results will pop up when you use Graph Search, according to the Facebook Studio blog.  It's unclear whether another ad unit will replace Sponsored Results. A rep for the company declined to comment. Debra Aho Williamson, an analyst at eMarketer, says she believes Facebook will roll out another search ad unit. She sees two possibilities: Search ads on the right-hand column, and ads that show up in the top, rather than in the second tier, of search results.  Sponsored Results, meanwhile, is a fair stopgap solution. A search for "dogs" called up an ad for Porch Potty Pet Supplies, which is logical. But a search for "cats" yielded a Sponsored Result for Traily, the personality test that has nothing to do with cats. Nevertheless, the ads are effective. Click-through rates for Sponsored Results ranged from 0.7% to 4.1% in September for a sample measured by researcher Optimal. Even at the low end of that range, that's 10% better than Facebook's Marketplace ads.  Whatever ad unit Facebook winds up using, Williamson points out that Facebook's huge size will make it one of top players in search. If Facebook gets just 10% of its revenues from search ads this year then it will have made around $268 million, making it the fourth-largest player in search, ahead of AOL.  Image via Flickr, Steel WoolGoogle's stock price barely budged on the news of Facebook's Graph Search after investors concluded that the search giant has little to fear from Facebook. That's because Graph Search is more akin to Yelp or Foursquare — at least in its current incarnation — than Google. That's not to say, however, that Facebook isn't going after the search advertising market. Back in August, Facebook released Sponsored Results, its first search ad units. Sponsored Results will pop up when you use Graph Search, according to the Facebook Studio blog.  It's unclear whether another ad unit will replace Sponsored Results. A rep for the company declined to comment. Debra Aho Williamson, an analyst at eMarketer, says she believes Facebook will roll out another search ad unit. She sees two possibilities: Search ads on the right-hand column, and ads that show up in the top, rather than in the second tier, of search results.  Sponsored Results, meanwhile, is a fair stopgap solution. A search for "dogs" called up an ad for Porch Potty Pet Supplies, which is logical. But a search for "cats" yielded a Sponsored Result for Traily, the personality test that has nothing to do with cats. Nevertheless, the ads are effective. Click-through rates for Sponsored Results ranged from 0.7% to 4.1% in September for a sample measured by researcher Optimal. Even at the low end of that range, that's 10% better than Facebook's Marketplace ads.  Whatever ad unit Facebook winds up using, Williamson points out that Facebook's huge size will make it one of top players in search. If Facebook gets just 10% of its revenues from search ads this year then it will have made around $268 million, making it the fourth-largest player in search, ahead of AOL.  Image via Flickr, Steel Wool