It's an oldie, but a goodie.  As the white board says -- owned! Who knew you could have so much fun with a simple remote? Apparently, this is part of an "ongoing vendetta of office pranks." Keep watching -- the second guy's reaction is the best.  These funsters walled off 11 senior offices. Zappos team + 100 ping pong balls = practical joke. You'll always get a laugh out of slapstick. This chap takes his styrofoam shower with good grace.  Finally, where is that darn phone? Here at Mashable, we love a good office prank, whatever the time of year. For your viewing pleasure, we have scoured YouTube for 10 funny examples of colleagues who got creative with trickery.  From dismembered heads in cardboard boxes to disappearing doors, we think you'll find something to smile at in our gallery of great pranks.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Cheer up your work day with a look through our video slideshow. Share in the comments below your own practical jokes for co-workers.  Thumbnail image courtesy of Flickr, HenryIt's an oldie, but a goodie.  As the white board says -- owned! Who knew you could have so much fun with a simple remote? Apparently, this is part of an "ongoing vendetta of office pranks." Keep watching -- the second guy's reaction is the best.  These funsters walled off 11 senior offices. Zappos team + 100 ping pong balls = practical joke. You'll always get a laugh out of slapstick. This chap takes his styrofoam shower with good grace.  Finally, where is that darn phone? Here at Mashable, we love a good office prank, whatever the time of year. For your viewing pleasure, we have scoured YouTube for 10 funny examples of colleagues who got creative with trickery.  From dismembered heads in cardboard boxes to disappearing doors, we think you'll find something to smile at in our gallery of great pranks.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Cheer up your work day with a look through our video slideshow. Share in the comments below your own practical jokes for co-workers.  Thumbnail image courtesy of Flickr, Henry