It's tough enough for a startup to get acquired once, but one company has just been acquired for the second time in a year. Forrst, an online community for designers and developers, has been acquired by interactive design firm Zurb for an undisclosed sum, Zurb announced Thursday. Forrst had previously been acquired by another design community called Colourlovers in March, 2012. The startup was created by Kyle Bragger back in 2009 and the service gradually attracted tens of thousands of users. After Forrst was acquired the first time, Bragger decided to leave the company and join Fancy Hands, a virtual assistant startup, as a product engineer. In the meantime, Colourlovers did little to update or change Forrst — for better or worse. Bryan Zmijewski, the chief instigator at Zurb, tells Mashable that his company has been aware of Forrst for some time, and an "opportunity presented itself" recently to acquire the company and the team felt it fit in with their long-term vision. "Our purpose as a business is to help people design for people. Much of what you see online over the last 15 years has evolved, but the people-component of what people are designing for is missing," Zmijewski told Mashable. "A lot of that happens through design feedback. Forrst aligns with that vision." Zurb already has laid out steps to improve Forrst's website and boost engagement among the community. It plans to streamline the site's interface by implementing responsive design and reward users who share quality posts on the service with more invites. While Bragger is longer affiliated with Forrst, he told Mashable that he believes Zurb will be a "better fit" for the startup than Colourlovers.  "They're focusing back on the basics with Forrst being a place for real constructive criticism from peers and industry leaders, improving your craft as a developer," Bragger said. "It sounds like they are doing all the right things in terms of what I would do to hit reset and get Forrst back to a good place." Image courtesy of ZurbIt's tough enough for a startup to get acquired once, but one company has just been acquired for the second time in a year. Forrst, an online community for designers and developers, has been acquired by interactive design firm Zurb for an undisclosed sum, Zurb announced Thursday. Forrst had previously been acquired by another design community called Colourlovers in March, 2012. The startup was created by Kyle Bragger back in 2009 and the service gradually attracted tens of thousands of users. After Forrst was acquired the first time, Bragger decided to leave the company and join Fancy Hands, a virtual assistant startup, as a product engineer. In the meantime, Colourlovers did little to update or change Forrst — for better or worse. Bryan Zmijewski, the chief instigator at Zurb, tells Mashable that his company has been aware of Forrst for some time, and an "opportunity presented itself" recently to acquire the company and the team felt it fit in with their long-term vision. "Our purpose as a business is to help people design for people. Much of what you see online over the last 15 years has evolved, but the people-component of what people are designing for is missing," Zmijewski told Mashable. "A lot of that happens through design feedback. Forrst aligns with that vision." Zurb already has laid out steps to improve Forrst's website and boost engagement among the community. It plans to streamline the site's interface by implementing responsive design and reward users who share quality posts on the service with more invites. While Bragger is longer affiliated with Forrst, he told Mashable that he believes Zurb will be a "better fit" for the startup than Colourlovers.  "They're focusing back on the basics with Forrst being a place for real constructive criticism from peers and industry leaders, improving your craft as a developer," Bragger said. "It sounds like they are doing all the right things in terms of what I would do to hit reset and get Forrst back to a good place." Image courtesy of Zurb