A photo taken by Mashable reporter  Emily Price  exposed several scantily clad and colorfully painted "Booth Babes" at this year's International CES. Our readers weighed in on whether this is a clever marketing ploy, or an act of misogyny.   Lorin Steel  suggested that Mashable was equally at fault for posting the shocking image. While our intention was to discourage similar displays at future tech shows, her criticism does not go unacknowledged.  Reader Rosa Sow bypassed the sexism debate entirely, and instead argued that the biggest failing of the painted Booth Babes was its lazy reliance on the tired "sex sells" idea.  In response to Amazon's recent  announcement ,  Mashable  reporter  Todd Wasserman  asked our readers if and why they still buy CDs.  Reader  Manju Reijmer  weighed in, explaining that CDs are a thing of the past Reader Scott Lawson argued that CDs are prime for music's classical genre, especially in the case of continuous symphony tracks. Reader  Smoe S  went into further detail, explaining that a higher quality product makes the sense of ownership more enjoyable. The most discussed story this week was written by   Chris Taylor  about the $100 fee Facebook is currently charging some users to directly message its CEO.  Although some commenters expressed annoyance or disbelief, reader  Kate Hiscox  argued that this paywall was very similar to LinkedIn's.  Reader  Chris Gingrich's  comment made us laugh. Yeah, Zuckerberg, how about some reciprocity?  Reporter  Christina Warren  re-addressed the issue of Google making its maps app unavailable to Windows mobile users.  Reader  Gilad Koriski  argued that Nokia's own maps app made the lack of google maps unimportant.  Semi-naked CES "Booth Babes," the status of CDs in today’s digital world, a hefty fee to message Mark Zuckerberg, and Google's decision to make the Google Maps app unavailable to Windows users were all hotly contested topics. We've pulled together our favorite comments of the week to show off the best conversations and the biggest debates. A California-based hard drive company chose to include colorfully painted, topless women in its  2013 CES presentation, incurring tons of responses via social media. Some commenters voiced support and others were vehemently against the display. Our readers hotly debated the ethics of "booth babes" at trade shows and in advertising in general. SEE ALSO: 10 Top News Stories This Week
 With Amazon's recent  announcement  that it will be granting CD buyers MP3 copies of songs, we asked our readers:  Why Are People Still Buying CDs? Some commenters argued that CDs have higher sound quality than songs stored in the cloud, while other readers admitted that they no longer buy physical discs.  Significant change to  Facebook is always a topic of much debate among our readers, so this week's  post about the $100 fee to message Mark Zuckerberg via his social network garnered a lot of attention. And finally, Google's decision to make its maps app unavailable for Windows mobile users  confused many, and then upset some.  We'd love to hear your opinions regarding the above stories, so weigh in below and let us know what you think.A photo taken by Mashable reporter  Emily Price  exposed several scantily clad and colorfully painted "Booth Babes" at this year's International CES. Our readers weighed in on whether this is a clever marketing ploy, or an act of misogyny.   Lorin Steel  suggested that Mashable was equally at fault for posting the shocking image. While our intention was to discourage similar displays at future tech shows, her criticism does not go unacknowledged.  Reader Rosa Sow bypassed the sexism debate entirely, and instead argued that the biggest failing of the painted Booth Babes was its lazy reliance on the tired "sex sells" idea.  In response to Amazon's recent  announcement ,  Mashable  reporter  Todd Wasserman  asked our readers if and why they still buy CDs.  Reader  Manju Reijmer  weighed in, explaining that CDs are a thing of the past Reader Scott Lawson argued that CDs are prime for music's classical genre, especially in the case of continuous symphony tracks. Reader  Smoe S  went into further detail, explaining that a higher quality product makes the sense of ownership more enjoyable. The most discussed story this week was written by   Chris Taylor  about the $100 fee Facebook is currently charging some users to directly message its CEO.  Although some commenters expressed annoyance or disbelief, reader  Kate Hiscox  argued that this paywall was very similar to LinkedIn's.  Reader  Chris Gingrich's  comment made us laugh. Yeah, Zuckerberg, how about some reciprocity?  Reporter  Christina Warren  re-addressed the issue of Google making its maps app unavailable to Windows mobile users.  Reader  Gilad Koriski  argued that Nokia's own maps app made the lack of google maps unimportant.  Semi-naked CES "Booth Babes," the status of CDs in today’s digital world, a hefty fee to message Mark Zuckerberg, and Google's decision to make the Google Maps app unavailable to Windows users were all hotly contested topics. We've pulled together our favorite comments of the week to show off the best conversations and the biggest debates. A California-based hard drive company chose to include colorfully painted, topless women in its  2013 CES presentation, incurring tons of responses via social media. Some commenters voiced support and others were vehemently against the display. Our readers hotly debated the ethics of "booth babes" at trade shows and in advertising in general. SEE ALSO: 10 Top News Stories This Week
 With Amazon's recent  announcement  that it will be granting CD buyers MP3 copies of songs, we asked our readers:  Why Are People Still Buying CDs? Some commenters argued that CDs have higher sound quality than songs stored in the cloud, while other readers admitted that they no longer buy physical discs.  Significant change to  Facebook is always a topic of much debate among our readers, so this week's  post about the $100 fee to message Mark Zuckerberg via his social network garnered a lot of attention. And finally, Google's decision to make its maps app unavailable for Windows mobile users  confused many, and then upset some.  We'd love to hear your opinions regarding the above stories, so weigh in below and let us know what you think.