These retro-inspired maze cases -- which are completely playable --  from PureGear will be available in the spring for $29.99 each. Hide your iPad mini in this Bible case by Ozaki. This fighter jet was built on top of the Lego BrickCase by SmallWorks. The building kit allows you to attach pieces to build whatever you like. You can even build dinosaurs, like this awesome model, via the Lego BrickCase ($25). For more creative BrickCase designs, click here. Here's a look at the Lego BrickCase's building kit. Case manufacturer Bling My Thing allows you to add tiny rhinestones to your U Bling case to create your own patterns and designs. This iPad mini case is made (and feels) just like any pair of jeans. It costs just as much as them too -- about $75 (from Cygnett). ID America has a whole slew of stickers that rest on top of your smartphone and don't leave icky residue after you peel them off. Here's a few more sticker cases from ID America. Although we can't remember where we saw these 3D Spider cases at CES (can anyone help?),  they are the perfect blend of cool and creepy. This wooden case by PatchWorks is made from 100% real materials. The panda case from Odoyo looks fuzzy -- and you'll want to pet it -- but it's actually just the surface's texture that makes it appear that way. This funky cover from Boostcase offers protection against falls and wraps around your existing case. The case you pick for your iPhone or iPad says as much about your personality as the clothes you wear. Instead of standard rubber cases and hum-drum colors, there's a whole vibrant world of fun and creative ways to dress up your mobile device. SEE ALSO: Lego-Inspired iPhone 5 Cases Will Make You Geek Out
 We saw so many funky and off-the-wall cases at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas last week, from playful cases with mazes and games to Lego-inspired covers and funky spiders.  Here's a look at the many ways you can add a little quirk to your smartphone style. Check out the gallery above, and let us know which is your favorite in the comments below. Images via Mashable iHome's new line of licensed Disney accessories includes these sparkled Minnie Mouse headphones. iHome's Minnie Mouse earbuds also have a touch of bling. Minnie Mouse Bluetooth speakers from iHome. These iPhone cases from Sunita Telecom Co. feature Swarovski crystals. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. Reality star Snooki has her own line of headphones and accessories, including this blinged-out shoe phone. This iPad case from Deos features a rhinestone-clustered kiss. Earbuds by Deos feature faux diamonds on the base. Bling My Thing features a DIY iPhone case, which allows you to create patterns and designs by inserting tiny gems. Bling World's iPhone charger touts colorful and cheetah-inspired designs. The Bling World also features a collection of headphones. This vibrant computer mouse from The Bling World would liven up any work space.These retro-inspired maze cases -- which are completely playable --  from PureGear will be available in the spring for $29.99 each. Hide your iPad mini in this Bible case by Ozaki. This fighter jet was built on top of the Lego BrickCase by SmallWorks. The building kit allows you to attach pieces to build whatever you like. You can even build dinosaurs, like this awesome model, via the Lego BrickCase ($25). For more creative BrickCase designs, click here. Here's a look at the Lego BrickCase's building kit. Case manufacturer Bling My Thing allows you to add tiny rhinestones to your U Bling case to create your own patterns and designs. This iPad mini case is made (and feels) just like any pair of jeans. It costs just as much as them too -- about $75 (from Cygnett). ID America has a whole slew of stickers that rest on top of your smartphone and don't leave icky residue after you peel them off. Here's a few more sticker cases from ID America. Although we can't remember where we saw these 3D Spider cases at CES (can anyone help?),  they are the perfect blend of cool and creepy. This wooden case by PatchWorks is made from 100% real materials. The panda case from Odoyo looks fuzzy -- and you'll want to pet it -- but it's actually just the surface's texture that makes it appear that way. This funky cover from Boostcase offers protection against falls and wraps around your existing case. The case you pick for your iPhone or iPad says as much about your personality as the clothes you wear. Instead of standard rubber cases and hum-drum colors, there's a whole vibrant world of fun and creative ways to dress up your mobile device. SEE ALSO: Lego-Inspired iPhone 5 Cases Will Make You Geek Out
 We saw so many funky and off-the-wall cases at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas last week, from playful cases with mazes and games to Lego-inspired covers and funky spiders.  Here's a look at the many ways you can add a little quirk to your smartphone style. Check out the gallery above, and let us know which is your favorite in the comments below. Images via Mashable iHome's new line of licensed Disney accessories includes these sparkled Minnie Mouse headphones. iHome's Minnie Mouse earbuds also have a touch of bling. Minnie Mouse Bluetooth speakers from iHome. These iPhone cases from Sunita Telecom Co. feature Swarovski crystals. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. Reality star Snooki has her own line of headphones and accessories, including this blinged-out shoe phone. This iPad case from Deos features a rhinestone-clustered kiss. Earbuds by Deos feature faux diamonds on the base. Bling My Thing features a DIY iPhone case, which allows you to create patterns and designs by inserting tiny gems. Bling World's iPhone charger touts colorful and cheetah-inspired designs. The Bling World also features a collection of headphones. This vibrant computer mouse from The Bling World would liven up any work space.