Big date coming up? Don't sweat it, you got this. Just make sure you're looking your best. So, you know, maybe shave. But don't use that generic shaving cream — that stuff leaves nicks and smells like cleaning products. What you need is something that will make you stand out. Something that everyone, diet aside, can truly appreciate.   Bacon-enthusiasts J&D, best known for their ever-increasing line of bacon accessories, have a — you guessed it — pork-flavored tub of shaving cream for sale on their website. It's exactly what you'd hope it would be.  SEE ALSO: 'Unavoidable' Bacon Shortage Leads to Twitter Hysteria
 The tub runs for $14.99. But, if it's not exactly your "plate of bacon," you're still in luck — bacon-flavored lip balm, envelopes and popcorn are also available on the site.  Sir Francis Bacon once said that "friends are thieves of time." In that sense, any time spent shaving without this would be a waste of awesomeness. Now that is philosophy.  Does this sound like something you or your carnivorous friends would use? Tell us what you think about it.  BONUS:  10 Ways to Smell Like a Dork
 Feeling nostalgic? This Play-Doh-scented cologne, Eau de Play-Doh, will bring you right back to your childhood days. The ultimate mood-lifter for a case of the Mondays -- or any day, really.    $20, Amazon.  And you thought your dog loved you the way you smell now.  This bacon-scented perfume traces its roots back to 1920s Paris, where a butcher named John Fargginay blended oils with bacon and created a delicious-smelling potion. $36, Fargginay.  How does Mega Man smell? Manly, obviously. With a splash of citrus.   $3.99, Epic-Scents.  Nothing quite like the smell of a new book. Or old book. In general, books smell pretty good. Pour a little of this on yourself so you do, too.  $98, Steidl.  ... to alarming levels of sultry scents.  Wearing this Batman cologne -- which includes mixes of black pepper, geranium and vanilla bean -- will knock the phrase "Where's Bane!?" into irrelevancy; when you smell this good, Gotham's villains come to you.  $12.95, Fragrancex. It's a circus out there -- seriously.  Dzing, the "circus" perfume, has all the right ingredients to make you smell like you just walked out of the lion tamer's ring: saddle leather, sawdust and the sweet smell of cotton candy. Clowns not included.   $125, Lucky Scent.  A four-piece set. Choose which hero you want to smell like, or try a combination of all four. Note: Avoid stressful situations while wearing the "Hulk" scent.  $49.99, Amazon.  So you can smell like the bar before you go to the bar.  $21.99, Amazon.  Didn't have time to roll around in the mud before the big date? No problem -- a few splashes of this on the neck should do the trick just fine.  According to FragrantX, you can expect "crisp green notes and a mossy woody base" smell.   $25.73, FragranceX.  Mountain Dew cologne. Because 'merica, that's why.  $3.49, Somethin' Special.  Image courtesy of Flickr, theimpulsivebuy.  Mashable Composite. Images courtesy of Flickr, cookbookman17 and Bacon SaltBig date coming up? Don't sweat it, you got this. Just make sure you're looking your best. So, you know, maybe shave. But don't use that generic shaving cream — that stuff leaves nicks and smells like cleaning products. What you need is something that will make you stand out. Something that everyone, diet aside, can truly appreciate.   Bacon-enthusiasts J&D, best known for their ever-increasing line of bacon accessories, have a — you guessed it — pork-flavored tub of shaving cream for sale on their website. It's exactly what you'd hope it would be.  SEE ALSO: 'Unavoidable' Bacon Shortage Leads to Twitter Hysteria
 The tub runs for $14.99. But, if it's not exactly your "plate of bacon," you're still in luck — bacon-flavored lip balm, envelopes and popcorn are also available on the site.  Sir Francis Bacon once said that "friends are thieves of time." In that sense, any time spent shaving without this would be a waste of awesomeness. Now that is philosophy.  Does this sound like something you or your carnivorous friends would use? Tell us what you think about it.  BONUS:  10 Ways to Smell Like a Dork
 Feeling nostalgic? This Play-Doh-scented cologne, Eau de Play-Doh, will bring you right back to your childhood days. The ultimate mood-lifter for a case of the Mondays -- or any day, really.    $20, Amazon.  And you thought your dog loved you the way you smell now.  This bacon-scented perfume traces its roots back to 1920s Paris, where a butcher named John Fargginay blended oils with bacon and created a delicious-smelling potion. $36, Fargginay.  How does Mega Man smell? Manly, obviously. With a splash of citrus.   $3.99, Epic-Scents.  Nothing quite like the smell of a new book. Or old book. In general, books smell pretty good. Pour a little of this on yourself so you do, too.  $98, Steidl.  ... to alarming levels of sultry scents.  Wearing this Batman cologne -- which includes mixes of black pepper, geranium and vanilla bean -- will knock the phrase "Where's Bane!?" into irrelevancy; when you smell this good, Gotham's villains come to you.  $12.95, Fragrancex. It's a circus out there -- seriously.  Dzing, the "circus" perfume, has all the right ingredients to make you smell like you just walked out of the lion tamer's ring: saddle leather, sawdust and the sweet smell of cotton candy. Clowns not included.   $125, Lucky Scent.  A four-piece set. Choose which hero you want to smell like, or try a combination of all four. Note: Avoid stressful situations while wearing the "Hulk" scent.  $49.99, Amazon.  So you can smell like the bar before you go to the bar.  $21.99, Amazon.  Didn't have time to roll around in the mud before the big date? No problem -- a few splashes of this on the neck should do the trick just fine.  According to FragrantX, you can expect "crisp green notes and a mossy woody base" smell.   $25.73, FragranceX.  Mountain Dew cologne. Because 'merica, that's why.  $3.49, Somethin' Special.  Image courtesy of Flickr, theimpulsivebuy.  Mashable Composite. Images courtesy of Flickr, cookbookman17 and Bacon Salt