Just hours before the debut of the Video Podcast Network on YouTube, podcasting stalwart Adam Carolla has pies and sweaters for dogs on his mind. They help tell a story about survival.  The network spawns from the success of The Adam Carolla Show, a nearly 4-year-old daily comedy podcast that eventually secured the Guinness World Record for most-downloaded podcast ever in 2011. During the podcast's early years, he asked himself a humble question. "My first goal was just survival; can we make a business out of this?" he tells Mashable, saying it's a question many people have whether it's making sweaters for dogs, baking pies or making podcasts. "That's nine-tenths of the battle." "Then comes the icing on the cake — or in this case, the à la mode on the pie — because that survival question has been answered," he adds. The à la mode for Carolla appears to be the Video Podcast Network, which starting Tuesday night will serve as a hub for several comedy podcasts with a visual spin.  VPN's first podcast will feature Harley Morenstein, host of popular YouTube cooking show Epic Meal Time, and will air live on YouTube at 7 p.m. PST. You can watch it right here:   Video Podcast Network will post a podcast every Tuesday from Carolla.  "I'm not scared of doing it live. I like to wing it. Rehearsed or scripted sounds scary." This week, however, VPN will deliver a comedic blitz. During the Sundance Film Festival in Utah on Friday and Saturday, VPN will live stream five video podcasts from comedians Tom Lennon and Paul Scheer as well as Comedy Bang Bang with Scott Aukerman, You Made This Weird with Pete Holmes, Who Charted? with Howard Kremer and Kulap Vilaysack, Call Chelsea with Chelsea Peretti, and Windy City Heat. After Sundance, VPN will regularly feature podcasts from The Big 3 and Earwolf with producer Daniel Kellison at the helm of the network. VPN will fall under the Adam Carolla Entertainment Broadcasting Network umbrella, which also manages the For Crying Out Loud podcast from Carolla's wife, Lynette. "If you're baking the pie, your wife is going to come into the kitchen" and create "her own cookies," he says. The Adam Carolla Show also occasionally features their 6-year-old twins, Natalia and Santino, who sometimes jump into their dad's studio and grab the mic.  Carolla can only wonder what it will be like when his kids grow up and want to listen to his old podcasts — his self-described "audio diaries." Imagine going back to 1993 and hearing your parents talk about how someone "invented a telephone with no cord," he says. "It's weird." Photo via Kevin Winter/Getty ImagesJust hours before the debut of the Video Podcast Network on YouTube, podcasting stalwart Adam Carolla has pies and sweaters for dogs on his mind. They help tell a story about survival.  The network spawns from the success of The Adam Carolla Show, a nearly 4-year-old daily comedy podcast that eventually secured the Guinness World Record for most-downloaded podcast ever in 2011. During the podcast's early years, he asked himself a humble question. "My first goal was just survival; can we make a business out of this?" he tells Mashable, saying it's a question many people have whether it's making sweaters for dogs, baking pies or making podcasts. "That's nine-tenths of the battle." "Then comes the icing on the cake — or in this case, the à la mode on the pie — because that survival question has been answered," he adds. The à la mode for Carolla appears to be the Video Podcast Network, which starting Tuesday night will serve as a hub for several comedy podcasts with a visual spin.  VPN's first podcast will feature Harley Morenstein, host of popular YouTube cooking show Epic Meal Time, and will air live on YouTube at 7 p.m. PST. You can watch it right here:   Video Podcast Network will post a podcast every Tuesday from Carolla.  "I'm not scared of doing it live. I like to wing it. Rehearsed or scripted sounds scary." This week, however, VPN will deliver a comedic blitz. During the Sundance Film Festival in Utah on Friday and Saturday, VPN will live stream five video podcasts from comedians Tom Lennon and Paul Scheer as well as Comedy Bang Bang with Scott Aukerman, You Made This Weird with Pete Holmes, Who Charted? with Howard Kremer and Kulap Vilaysack, Call Chelsea with Chelsea Peretti, and Windy City Heat. After Sundance, VPN will regularly feature podcasts from The Big 3 and Earwolf with producer Daniel Kellison at the helm of the network. VPN will fall under the Adam Carolla Entertainment Broadcasting Network umbrella, which also manages the For Crying Out Loud podcast from Carolla's wife, Lynette. "If you're baking the pie, your wife is going to come into the kitchen" and create "her own cookies," he says. The Adam Carolla Show also occasionally features their 6-year-old twins, Natalia and Santino, who sometimes jump into their dad's studio and grab the mic.  Carolla can only wonder what it will be like when his kids grow up and want to listen to his old podcasts — his self-described "audio diaries." Imagine going back to 1993 and hearing your parents talk about how someone "invented a telephone with no cord," he says. "It's weird." Photo via Kevin Winter/Getty Images