Since leaving Microsoft a couple months ago, Steve Sinofsky has been busying lining up teaching gigs, launching a blog and apparently playing with iPhones. Sinofsky, the longtime Microsoft exec who was in charge of developing Windows 7 and Windows 8, has been caught tweeting from an iPhone multiple times this year by Mark Gurman at 9to5Mac. But it's not as bad as it sounds. Yes, Sinofsky did tweet from an iPhone (as you can see below), but he has also recently tweeted from several other products including Windows 8 devices.  In response to someone asking him on Twitter about his iPhone use Sunday, Sinofsky clarified that he likes to test different products to see what's out there. (For what it's worth, the tweet below was sent from an iPhone as well.) @albertjelica Sure I use an iphone at times. I have a Samsung too that i use.I want to be familiar with the work of all companies. — Steven Sinofsky (@stevesi) January 14, 2013 Later in the day, Sinofsky expanded on this point in response to a blog post from Bijan Sabet, a general partner at Spark Capital: I have owned every iphone released (and every ipad and galaxy and kindle). It is far better to actually use a product day in and day out so before CES I started using it and will use it for a month or so. Just prior I was using my 920.In Office I spent a long time using SmartSuite or Google Docs for the same reasons. Images courtesy of Flickr, Microsoft PDC and TwitterSince leaving Microsoft a couple months ago, Steve Sinofsky has been busying lining up teaching gigs, launching a blog and apparently playing with iPhones. Sinofsky, the longtime Microsoft exec who was in charge of developing Windows 7 and Windows 8, has been caught tweeting from an iPhone multiple times this year by Mark Gurman at 9to5Mac. But it's not as bad as it sounds. Yes, Sinofsky did tweet from an iPhone (as you can see below), but he has also recently tweeted from several other products including Windows 8 devices.  In response to someone asking him on Twitter about his iPhone use Sunday, Sinofsky clarified that he likes to test different products to see what's out there. (For what it's worth, the tweet below was sent from an iPhone as well.) @albertjelica Sure I use an iphone at times. I have a Samsung too that i use.I want to be familiar with the work of all companies. — Steven Sinofsky (@stevesi) January 14, 2013 Later in the day, Sinofsky expanded on this point in response to a blog post from Bijan Sabet, a general partner at Spark Capital: I have owned every iphone released (and every ipad and galaxy and kindle). It is far better to actually use a product day in and day out so before CES I started using it and will use it for a month or so. Just prior I was using my 920.In Office I spent a long time using SmartSuite or Google Docs for the same reasons. Images courtesy of Flickr, Microsoft PDC and Twitter