You can use the rear of the YotaPhone as a clock, or to display wallpapers. YotaPhone resembles many other Android phones from the front. YotaPhone has developed a number of applications for the second screen. One application lets you know how long it's been since you've had a cigarette, and encourages you not to smoke. This screen can be displayed on the back of the YotaPhone when you take a picture. A map can be pushed to the rear of the YotaPhone and used for navigation. Particularly useful when you have a dying battery, the map will still show up on the back of the phone when your traditional screen runs out of power. The back of the phone can display your calendar or appoitments. LAS VEGAS —  What if your phone had two displays? Announced in mid-December, YotaPhone aims to change how people use their smartphones by bringing together a full-color LCD display on one side of the phone and an e-ink display on the other. I caught up with Yota Device’s Vladislav Martynov at CES to give the phone a closer look. In essence, the two displays on the handset each have their own unique purpose. The front display is used just as you might your traditional smartphone screen to run apps, browse the web or watch videos. The rear display on the YotaPhone is what makes it stand out. An electronic paper display, it shows content you push to it from the front of the device. Less for interacting with and more for reference information, you can use the display for a map to your next destination, a clock, or a place to keep the boarding pass for your flight handy.   Martynov showed me a few applications designed specifically to use with the screen as well, including an app that shows low long you’ve kept a particular goal, such as not smoking. The company plans to release an API for other developers to make applications that take advantage of the dual-screen functionality as well. Running Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, Martynov says that he plans to keep Android as vanilla as possible, something he feels is very important.  He also wants to make sure that the phone is on-par with high-end Android smartphones, spec-wise. The current iteration uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM 8960 platform, and Corning’s 3D Gorilla Glass. It’s also a multi-band LTE handset that can run on LTE networks anywhere in the world. YotaPhone is expected to go one sale during the second half of 2013. What uses do you see for an e-ink second screen? Let us know your thoughts in the comment.You can use the rear of the YotaPhone as a clock, or to display wallpapers. YotaPhone resembles many other Android phones from the front. YotaPhone has developed a number of applications for the second screen. One application lets you know how long it's been since you've had a cigarette, and encourages you not to smoke. This screen can be displayed on the back of the YotaPhone when you take a picture. A map can be pushed to the rear of the YotaPhone and used for navigation. Particularly useful when you have a dying battery, the map will still show up on the back of the phone when your traditional screen runs out of power. The back of the phone can display your calendar or appoitments. LAS VEGAS —  What if your phone had two displays? Announced in mid-December, YotaPhone aims to change how people use their smartphones by bringing together a full-color LCD display on one side of the phone and an e-ink display on the other. I caught up with Yota Device’s Vladislav Martynov at CES to give the phone a closer look. In essence, the two displays on the handset each have their own unique purpose. The front display is used just as you might your traditional smartphone screen to run apps, browse the web or watch videos. The rear display on the YotaPhone is what makes it stand out. An electronic paper display, it shows content you push to it from the front of the device. Less for interacting with and more for reference information, you can use the display for a map to your next destination, a clock, or a place to keep the boarding pass for your flight handy.   Martynov showed me a few applications designed specifically to use with the screen as well, including an app that shows low long you’ve kept a particular goal, such as not smoking. The company plans to release an API for other developers to make applications that take advantage of the dual-screen functionality as well. Running Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, Martynov says that he plans to keep Android as vanilla as possible, something he feels is very important.  He also wants to make sure that the phone is on-par with high-end Android smartphones, spec-wise. The current iteration uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM 8960 platform, and Corning’s 3D Gorilla Glass. It’s also a multi-band LTE handset that can run on LTE networks anywhere in the world. YotaPhone is expected to go one sale during the second half of 2013. What uses do you see for an e-ink second screen? Let us know your thoughts in the comment.