Never shop for underwear again with Monthly Whites, a service that offers members  designer brand undies right at their doorsteps. If Air Sex Professional D-Bone doesn't convince you to donate, maybe his swamp butt briefs will: "No more stains, smells, crotch cramping and rags again." Photo courtesy YouTube, Monthly Whites Talk about X-Files -- here comes the movie everyone's been waiting for: Lesbian Zombies from Outer Space, complete with a zombie exorcism and a porn-loving video clerk.  Photo courtesy Kickstarter, Lesbian Zombies from Outer Space This guy had big dreams, and raised more than $30,000 to make it happen. Big Like Me: One Man's Quest to Enlarge His Penis successfully reached its funding goal to chronicle Greg Bergman's journey through penis sizes.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, Big Like Me With songs like "Booby Snack" and "Bottles Up! Bottoms Up!" Moorea Malatt's Songs for Breastfeeding combines folk songs with lullabies to make meal time a little more fun. For who though, we're not exactly sure. Photo via iStockphoto, JoseGirarte Pretty self-explanatory. Dinner With a Porn Star takes exotic foods to a whole new level.  Photo courtesy Kickstarter, Dinner With a Porn Star A fannypack, but for your boobs. The Boobypack  holds your smartphone, credit cards and more while you work out or rave to your heart's content. The bra doubled the amount of its projected $15,000 goal.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, The Boobypack Creator Ninette Terhart has no qualms about showing off her camel toe and "Ass-Crack-A-Doodle" in this video project for the Hip Shrug, a stretchy midriff scarf that hides your panty problems. Photo courtesy Flickr, yoowan Shirtless cowboys and sausage-eating chefs are commonplace in House Boy, a Frisky Gay Board Game. Did we mention the nine drinking games that come in each player's "Naughty Box?" Photo courtesy  Kickstarter, House Boy, the Board Game If you want to ruin your childhood while jumpstarting an artistic career, the Kinky Coloring Book might be for you.  Photo courtesy of Nakedcomix, James Courtney Crowdfunding platform Kickstarter allows people to share their creativity with the world and get the ball rolling on great ideas. But for every Pebble Watch, there's a weird, racy project (or video pitch) that'll have you wondering.  Are you an Air Sex professional in dire need of some tighty whities? Maybe you're a breastfeeding mom looking for a soundtrack, or are just in the mood for some kinky coloring.  SEE ALSO: 20 NSFW Etsy Products That Will Make You Blush
 While Kickstarter prohibits pornographic material (we have Offbeatr for that), there are a few suggestive projects that slipped past the guidelines. Check out some sexy and awkward NSFW pages we found. For more bizarre projects, visit this Tumblr, Your Kickstarter Sucks.  Would you fund any of these projects? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, The BoobypackNever shop for underwear again with Monthly Whites, a service that offers members  designer brand undies right at their doorsteps. If Air Sex Professional D-Bone doesn't convince you to donate, maybe his swamp butt briefs will: "No more stains, smells, crotch cramping and rags again." Photo courtesy YouTube, Monthly Whites Talk about X-Files -- here comes the movie everyone's been waiting for: Lesbian Zombies from Outer Space, complete with a zombie exorcism and a porn-loving video clerk.  Photo courtesy Kickstarter, Lesbian Zombies from Outer Space This guy had big dreams, and raised more than $30,000 to make it happen. Big Like Me: One Man's Quest to Enlarge His Penis successfully reached its funding goal to chronicle Greg Bergman's journey through penis sizes.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, Big Like Me With songs like "Booby Snack" and "Bottles Up! Bottoms Up!" Moorea Malatt's Songs for Breastfeeding combines folk songs with lullabies to make meal time a little more fun. For who though, we're not exactly sure. Photo via iStockphoto, JoseGirarte Pretty self-explanatory. Dinner With a Porn Star takes exotic foods to a whole new level.  Photo courtesy Kickstarter, Dinner With a Porn Star A fannypack, but for your boobs. The Boobypack  holds your smartphone, credit cards and more while you work out or rave to your heart's content. The bra doubled the amount of its projected $15,000 goal.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, The Boobypack Creator Ninette Terhart has no qualms about showing off her camel toe and "Ass-Crack-A-Doodle" in this video project for the Hip Shrug, a stretchy midriff scarf that hides your panty problems. Photo courtesy Flickr, yoowan Shirtless cowboys and sausage-eating chefs are commonplace in House Boy, a Frisky Gay Board Game. Did we mention the nine drinking games that come in each player's "Naughty Box?" Photo courtesy  Kickstarter, House Boy, the Board Game If you want to ruin your childhood while jumpstarting an artistic career, the Kinky Coloring Book might be for you.  Photo courtesy of Nakedcomix, James Courtney Crowdfunding platform Kickstarter allows people to share their creativity with the world and get the ball rolling on great ideas. But for every Pebble Watch, there's a weird, racy project (or video pitch) that'll have you wondering.  Are you an Air Sex professional in dire need of some tighty whities? Maybe you're a breastfeeding mom looking for a soundtrack, or are just in the mood for some kinky coloring.  SEE ALSO: 20 NSFW Etsy Products That Will Make You Blush
 While Kickstarter prohibits pornographic material (we have Offbeatr for that), there are a few suggestive projects that slipped past the guidelines. Check out some sexy and awkward NSFW pages we found. For more bizarre projects, visit this Tumblr, Your Kickstarter Sucks.  Would you fund any of these projects? Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Kickstarter, The Boobypack