Ben probably channeled some of that electricity into a glowing ring.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. The lasso would suit him well. Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Wonder if Alexander's voice was equally low and raspy.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Is Superman even considered a U.S. citizen?  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. What was cooler Abe's hat or Flash's mask?  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Benjamin Franklin did a pretty great job being the Fathers of America but who's to say Batman, Superman and the Green Lantern couldn't have handled the job just as well? German artist and designer Aslan Malik wondered the same thing and re-imagined American history by turning the figures on U.S. currency into comic book superheros.  SEE ALSO: With This Kiss...Superman and Wonder Woman Are Finally an Item
 We're sure the combined powers of the Justice League would defend democracy to its highest degree. Or at least handled the fiscal cliff without complaining.  Which bill is your favorite? Share in the comments below.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Thumbnail courtesy of iStockphoto, BrendanHunter.Ben probably channeled some of that electricity into a glowing ring.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. The lasso would suit him well. Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Wonder if Alexander's voice was equally low and raspy.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Is Superman even considered a U.S. citizen?  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. What was cooler Abe's hat or Flash's mask?  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Benjamin Franklin did a pretty great job being the Fathers of America but who's to say Batman, Superman and the Green Lantern couldn't have handled the job just as well? German artist and designer Aslan Malik wondered the same thing and re-imagined American history by turning the figures on U.S. currency into comic book superheros.  SEE ALSO: With This Kiss...Superman and Wonder Woman Are Finally an Item
 We're sure the combined powers of the Justice League would defend democracy to its highest degree. Or at least handled the fiscal cliff without complaining.  Which bill is your favorite? Share in the comments below.  Photos courtesy of Aslan Malik. Thumbnail courtesy of iStockphoto, BrendanHunter.