Tennis fans around the world are focused Down Under for the Australian Open Grand Slam tournament that started on Monday, and runs through Jan. 27.  But you don't have to be in Melbourne or glued to your TV to follow the action, thanks to the tournament's outstanding digital presence that builds on last year's social smash hit.  Like last year, a social leader board ranks the top male and female players at the tournament according to who is gaining the most social mentions and driving the most traffic on the Australian Open site. Also returning are the 24/7 live updates from the tournament through its official Facebook and Twitter pages.  But some new initiatives have beefed up the digital offerings as well.  A Twitter account called @AOSOS has been set up to act as a help hotline for out-of-towners visiting for the tournament — somewhat similar to the social-media command center for last year's Super Bowl.  "Having this account allows us to carve out these questions from the main tournament account, and provide a customer service-based interaction with fans," says Daniel Lattimer, social-media coordinator for Tennis Australia, the sport's governing body Down Under. A free iPad app called Open Shutter, meanwhile, delivers a day-by-day photographic timeline of the tournament, while the the official Australian Open program will be available for iPad as well as in hard copy. There's an added emphasis placed on Pinterest, Instagram and Google+, as well. While last year's Open was a digital success, and this year features an even more robust social offering, you can expect next year's tournament to keep adding new angles.  "We're constantly looking at ways to enhance the fan experience across a variety of social media and digital channels, and offer them unique experiences," Lattimer says.  Image courtesy of Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Lucas DawsonTennis fans around the world are focused Down Under for the Australian Open Grand Slam tournament that started on Monday, and runs through Jan. 27.  But you don't have to be in Melbourne or glued to your TV to follow the action, thanks to the tournament's outstanding digital presence that builds on last year's social smash hit.  Like last year, a social leader board ranks the top male and female players at the tournament according to who is gaining the most social mentions and driving the most traffic on the Australian Open site. Also returning are the 24/7 live updates from the tournament through its official Facebook and Twitter pages.  But some new initiatives have beefed up the digital offerings as well.  A Twitter account called @AOSOS has been set up to act as a help hotline for out-of-towners visiting for the tournament — somewhat similar to the social-media command center for last year's Super Bowl.  "Having this account allows us to carve out these questions from the main tournament account, and provide a customer service-based interaction with fans," says Daniel Lattimer, social-media coordinator for Tennis Australia, the sport's governing body Down Under. A free iPad app called Open Shutter, meanwhile, delivers a day-by-day photographic timeline of the tournament, while the the official Australian Open program will be available for iPad as well as in hard copy. There's an added emphasis placed on Pinterest, Instagram and Google+, as well. While last year's Open was a digital success, and this year features an even more robust social offering, you can expect next year's tournament to keep adding new angles.  "We're constantly looking at ways to enhance the fan experience across a variety of social media and digital channels, and offer them unique experiences," Lattimer says.  Image courtesy of Getty Images/Getty Images Sport/Lucas Dawson