So, the college football world got Catfish'd by the Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax. If you too have suffered the experience of being epically duped, you're probably just relieved it didn't play out in front of everyone with a TV or computer (or tablet or smartphone or newspaper). Either way, we'd like to help with 10 things, other than Manti Te'os girlfriend, that turned out to be a bit different from what you first thought. So stop #Teoing for a second to peruse the list.  1. Subway's Footlong Sandwich  Image courtesy of Matt Corby An inch of lies. 2. Lion Dog  More like King of the Suburbs. 3. Jeggings   Image courtesy of Walmart Wait, those aren't jeans? 4. 85% of Pinterest Pins   Image courtesy of Imgur The crafts — they lie. 5. Pluto   Image courtesy of wikimedia Nice try at slipping into the solar system, Pluto. 6. I Can't Believe It's Not Butter   Mashable composite. Images courtesy of wikipedia and Unilever Fabio, how could you? 7. Grumpy Cat's Grumpiness   Mashable image She's actually a really sweet cat. Mashable Deputy Editor Chris Taylor found this out first paw  — err, hand. 8. Dickeys    Image courtesy of amazon The look of a turtleneck without all the belly button sweat. 9. KFC Chicken   Image courtesy of Ibrahim Langoo, Facebook Well, it tastes like chicken. (Sorry.) 10. Dallas, Season 9   Image courtesy of Warner Home Video Spoiler alert: The entire thing was a dream. Bonus Thing You Still Forget Is Real — Narwhal   Image via of Wikipedia BONUS GALLERY: #Teoing: Manti Te'o's Invisible Girlfriend Sparks New Photo Trend  Image courtesy of @MichaelYo Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of @The_Only_London Image courtesy of @DustinFox37 Image courtesy of @odceinwj Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Thumbnail photo courtesy of iStockphoto, Ryan J LaneSo, the college football world got Catfish'd by the Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax. If you too have suffered the experience of being epically duped, you're probably just relieved it didn't play out in front of everyone with a TV or computer (or tablet or smartphone or newspaper). Either way, we'd like to help with 10 things, other than Manti Te'os girlfriend, that turned out to be a bit different from what you first thought. So stop #Teoing for a second to peruse the list.  1. Subway's Footlong Sandwich  Image courtesy of Matt Corby An inch of lies. 2. Lion Dog  More like King of the Suburbs. 3. Jeggings   Image courtesy of Walmart Wait, those aren't jeans? 4. 85% of Pinterest Pins   Image courtesy of Imgur The crafts — they lie. 5. Pluto   Image courtesy of wikimedia Nice try at slipping into the solar system, Pluto. 6. I Can't Believe It's Not Butter   Mashable composite. Images courtesy of wikipedia and Unilever Fabio, how could you? 7. Grumpy Cat's Grumpiness   Mashable image She's actually a really sweet cat. Mashable Deputy Editor Chris Taylor found this out first paw  — err, hand. 8. Dickeys    Image courtesy of amazon The look of a turtleneck without all the belly button sweat. 9. KFC Chicken   Image courtesy of Ibrahim Langoo, Facebook Well, it tastes like chicken. (Sorry.) 10. Dallas, Season 9   Image courtesy of Warner Home Video Spoiler alert: The entire thing was a dream. Bonus Thing You Still Forget Is Real — Narwhal   Image via of Wikipedia BONUS GALLERY: #Teoing: Manti Te'o's Invisible Girlfriend Sparks New Photo Trend  Image courtesy of @MichaelYo Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of @The_Only_London Image courtesy of @DustinFox37 Image courtesy of @odceinwj Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Image courtesy of Tumblr, teoing Thumbnail photo courtesy of iStockphoto, Ryan J Lane