Mashable Deputy Editor Chris Taylor is about to use his considerable writing talents — and maybe a wee bit of The Force — to write the book the Star Wars oeuvre has been missing: How Star Wars Conquered the Universe. A look at the business and culture of this iconic film series, the book will boldly go where no Star Wars tome has gone before (oops, wrong sci-fi reference). Chris’ book (his first) will offer a fresh perspective on how Star Wars became one of the most talked about franchises and brands in history. Chris has already written extensively about Star Wars on Mashable, most recently covering the Obama Administration's response to a petition requesting the U.S. Government build a real Death Star. Here’s how Chris describes his new project: I'm thrilled to be writing How Star Wars Conquered the Universe, the first book to examine the entire Star Wars brand from a business/culture perspective. As Disney takes control of the franchise and prepares to release Episode VII in 2015, there's never been a more important time to consider exactly what made this epic great in the first place. Its past offers a lot of clues to why it has a robust future in the post-Lucas era, given how much of it was a team effort from the very beginning. I want to give proper credit to all the other talented writers, technicians, artists and game-makers who built the Expanded Universe and helped it thrive. It's a daunting prospect, trying to do justice to a modern legend that has mesmerized every generation since 1977, but I can't imagine a more engrossing research project. This book will be more fun than a barrel full of Banthas. Keep watching Mashable for book updates, exclusive excerpts and more as Chris races to finish the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs. How Star Wars Conquered the Universe will be released by Basic Books in early 2014. Mashable composite. Photo via NASA and Flickr, avdesign.Mashable Deputy Editor Chris Taylor is about to use his considerable writing talents — and maybe a wee bit of The Force — to write the book the Star Wars oeuvre has been missing: How Star Wars Conquered the Universe. A look at the business and culture of this iconic film series, the book will boldly go where no Star Wars tome has gone before (oops, wrong sci-fi reference). Chris’ book (his first) will offer a fresh perspective on how Star Wars became one of the most talked about franchises and brands in history. Chris has already written extensively about Star Wars on Mashable, most recently covering the Obama Administration's response to a petition requesting the U.S. Government build a real Death Star. Here’s how Chris describes his new project: I'm thrilled to be writing How Star Wars Conquered the Universe, the first book to examine the entire Star Wars brand from a business/culture perspective. As Disney takes control of the franchise and prepares to release Episode VII in 2015, there's never been a more important time to consider exactly what made this epic great in the first place. Its past offers a lot of clues to why it has a robust future in the post-Lucas era, given how much of it was a team effort from the very beginning. I want to give proper credit to all the other talented writers, technicians, artists and game-makers who built the Expanded Universe and helped it thrive. It's a daunting prospect, trying to do justice to a modern legend that has mesmerized every generation since 1977, but I can't imagine a more engrossing research project. This book will be more fun than a barrel full of Banthas. Keep watching Mashable for book updates, exclusive excerpts and more as Chris races to finish the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs. How Star Wars Conquered the Universe will be released by Basic Books in early 2014. Mashable composite. Photo via NASA and Flickr, avdesign.