Want your favorite Disney and Pixar characters to come together in one epic video game? Disney executives announced on Tuesday in Los Angeles a new gaming platform that does just that  — and even features real-life game pieces that make it come alive.  Disney Infinity, which is currently in development with Avalanche Software and will debut in June, will feature 17 plastic characters — and 40 interactive pieces — from both Disney and Pixar movies to power the game. The toys will focus on upcoming film Monsters University, as well as The Incredibles and Pirates of the Caribbean. It will also come with a base, so when figures are placed on top, they can play certain experiences. Meanwhile, each film has its own Playset (or gaming universe) that can combine up to three characters from other films.    However, the company stressed its more of an interactive gaming platform than just a typical game. Disney Infinity will come to gaming consoles such as Xbox 360, Playstation 3, Wii U and Wii systems, and will also come to mobile and online platforms, as well.   Disney is facing some tough competition in the interactive toy market. Activision's Skylanders franchise, released in 2011, also combines collectable toys with a video game for a unique interactive experience. Activision announced Monday the franchise had grossed more than $500 million in the U.S. since launch. Image by MashableWant your favorite Disney and Pixar characters to come together in one epic video game? Disney executives announced on Tuesday in Los Angeles a new gaming platform that does just that  — and even features real-life game pieces that make it come alive.  Disney Infinity, which is currently in development with Avalanche Software and will debut in June, will feature 17 plastic characters — and 40 interactive pieces — from both Disney and Pixar movies to power the game. The toys will focus on upcoming film Monsters University, as well as The Incredibles and Pirates of the Caribbean. It will also come with a base, so when figures are placed on top, they can play certain experiences. Meanwhile, each film has its own Playset (or gaming universe) that can combine up to three characters from other films.    However, the company stressed its more of an interactive gaming platform than just a typical game. Disney Infinity will come to gaming consoles such as Xbox 360, Playstation 3, Wii U and Wii systems, and will also come to mobile and online platforms, as well.   Disney is facing some tough competition in the interactive toy market. Activision's Skylanders franchise, released in 2011, also combines collectable toys with a video game for a unique interactive experience. Activision announced Monday the franchise had grossed more than $500 million in the U.S. since launch. Image by Mashable