 The Federal Aviation Administration grounded on Wednesday all Boeing 787 Dreamliners operating in the United States following a string of malfunctions that have plagued the new model aircraft. 787s are prohibited from operating in U.S. airspace until the FAA completes a safety inspection. The FAA's decision came after three separate problems involving the revolutionary composite-built 787. Earlier this month, an electrical fire struck a 787 parked at Boston's Logan International Airport and owned by Japan Airlines. Several days later, a separate Japan Airlines 787 had to cancel takeoff from Boston due to a fuel leak. On Wednesday, an overheating battery forced an All Nippon Airways 787 to make an emergency landing in Western Japan. Electrical problems, not the fuel leak, are at the core of the FAA's decision to ground the Dreamliner and launch a safety investigation of the aircraft. "The battery failures resulted in release of flammable electrolytes, heat damage, and smoke on two Model 787 airplanes," the FAA said in a statement. "The root cause of these failures is currently under investigation. These conditions, if not corrected, could result in damage to critical systems and structures, and the potential for fire in the electrical compartment." United Airways, which operates six 787s, is the only American company with Dreamliners in its fleet. Since the FAA's decision, the European Aviation Safety Agency has also grounded all 787s in Europe. Qatar Airlines, LAN Airlines, Air India and Ethiopian Airlines have separately decided to ground their 787s, according to the Huffington Post. Boeing has promised to work with investigators to resolve any issues and get the 787s flying once again. "We are confident the 787 is safe, and we stand behind its overall integrity," said Jim McNerney, Boeing chairman, president and CEO Wednesday in a statement. Do you want the 787s flying again?  Image courtesy of Flickr, Kentaro Iemoto@Tokyo's The Federal Aviation Administration grounded on Wednesday all Boeing 787 Dreamliners operating in the United States following a string of malfunctions that have plagued the new model aircraft. 787s are prohibited from operating in U.S. airspace until the FAA completes a safety inspection. The FAA's decision came after three separate problems involving the revolutionary composite-built 787. Earlier this month, an electrical fire struck a 787 parked at Boston's Logan International Airport and owned by Japan Airlines. Several days later, a separate Japan Airlines 787 had to cancel takeoff from Boston due to a fuel leak. On Wednesday, an overheating battery forced an All Nippon Airways 787 to make an emergency landing in Western Japan. Electrical problems, not the fuel leak, are at the core of the FAA's decision to ground the Dreamliner and launch a safety investigation of the aircraft. "The battery failures resulted in release of flammable electrolytes, heat damage, and smoke on two Model 787 airplanes," the FAA said in a statement. "The root cause of these failures is currently under investigation. These conditions, if not corrected, could result in damage to critical systems and structures, and the potential for fire in the electrical compartment." United Airways, which operates six 787s, is the only American company with Dreamliners in its fleet. Since the FAA's decision, the European Aviation Safety Agency has also grounded all 787s in Europe. Qatar Airlines, LAN Airlines, Air India and Ethiopian Airlines have separately decided to ground their 787s, according to the Huffington Post. Boeing has promised to work with investigators to resolve any issues and get the 787s flying once again. "We are confident the 787 is safe, and we stand behind its overall integrity," said Jim McNerney, Boeing chairman, president and CEO Wednesday in a statement. Do you want the 787s flying again?  Image courtesy of Flickr, Kentaro Iemoto@Tokyo's