 Does jet lag put a damper on the first few days of a big vacation for you? A handy new website called Jet Lag Rooster maps out a plan to fight it.  Enter the cities you're departing from and arriving to plus the days and times of your departures and arrivals. The calculator is picky about the format, so be sure to follow the example provided.  To test it out, we entered a departing destination of San Francisco, Calif., and an arrival destination of Bangkok, Thailand. The calculator recognized the nine-hour difference in time zones and showed us a customized plan to reduce jet lag. The advice it gave was to seek sunlight and avoid it during certain hours in order to quickly adapt to the local time. It mapped out a daily plan for seven days, describing when to "seek light" and when to "avoid light." If you're inside, sit next to a window to get light, the site read. If it's dark out, go somewhere with lots of artificial light.  SEE ALSO: Sail Away With These 10 YouTube Travel Channels  The site also offers up some other basic advice about jet lag. Mostly stuff we've heard before, but it's nice to hear it again as a reminder: Avoid coffee, tea and soda, drink lots of water, take a shower and a short nap when you arrive.  Once you get your let lag plan, you can email it to yourself or others, or print it.  What do you think about Jet Lag Rooster? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, alephx01 Does jet lag put a damper on the first few days of a big vacation for you? A handy new website called Jet Lag Rooster maps out a plan to fight it.  Enter the cities you're departing from and arriving to plus the days and times of your departures and arrivals. The calculator is picky about the format, so be sure to follow the example provided.  To test it out, we entered a departing destination of San Francisco, Calif., and an arrival destination of Bangkok, Thailand. The calculator recognized the nine-hour difference in time zones and showed us a customized plan to reduce jet lag. The advice it gave was to seek sunlight and avoid it during certain hours in order to quickly adapt to the local time. It mapped out a daily plan for seven days, describing when to "seek light" and when to "avoid light." If you're inside, sit next to a window to get light, the site read. If it's dark out, go somewhere with lots of artificial light.  SEE ALSO: Sail Away With These 10 YouTube Travel Channels  The site also offers up some other basic advice about jet lag. Mostly stuff we've heard before, but it's nice to hear it again as a reminder: Avoid coffee, tea and soda, drink lots of water, take a shower and a short nap when you arrive.  Once you get your let lag plan, you can email it to yourself or others, or print it.  What do you think about Jet Lag Rooster? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, alephx01