 The 2014 Corvette brings many new features to the design of the iconic sports car: muscular lines, carbon-fiber parts and redesigned tail lights to name a few. But the most head-turning feature may be the dashboard's retracting LCD screen. At the touch of a button, the screen in the middle of the dash lowers, revealing a "secret" alcove where the driver or passenger can stash a cellphone, camera or anything about the size of a baseball or smaller. There's even a USB port for charging and syncing your phone while it's safely ensconced in the cubby. Besides being übercool, the hidden space has a clandestine aspect — hard for anyone to steal objects within if they don't even know it's there. Not that we'd ever recommend hiding contraband inside it. SEE ALSO: Chevy Unveils 2014 Corvette at Detroit Auto Show
 The new Corvette's hidey-hole certainly isn't the first motorized screen for a car dashboard, but it's the only one we've seen with a secret storage area tucked behind it. If you know of any others, please let us know in the comments. And tell us what you think of the Corvette's disappearing screen trick. The new Corvette features a top-to-bottom redesign of the iconic sports car. Now built out of aluminum and carbon fiber instead of steel, it's lighter and has more horsepower -- 450 to the 2013 model's 430. No price yet, but Chevy says it'll be in the neighborhood of current Corvettes with start around $50,000. The 2014 Corvette has a new logo as well. One of the more controversial aspects of the redesign is the back end, which ditches the circular tail lights that have been around since the first Corvette in 1953 for something more modern. The Stingray logo, not used since the 1970s, also got a makeover. The 2014 Corvette dashboard includes two HD screens, one of which retracts at the touch of a buttton. The interior design got a makeover, too, with "adrenaline red" seat coloring as an option. The Corvette has been redesigned only six times, for a grand total of seven generations of the car, including the 2014 model. This is the one that started it all. Photos by Pete Pachal, Mashable The 2014 Corvette brings many new features to the design of the iconic sports car: muscular lines, carbon-fiber parts and redesigned tail lights to name a few. But the most head-turning feature may be the dashboard's retracting LCD screen. At the touch of a button, the screen in the middle of the dash lowers, revealing a "secret" alcove where the driver or passenger can stash a cellphone, camera or anything about the size of a baseball or smaller. There's even a USB port for charging and syncing your phone while it's safely ensconced in the cubby. Besides being übercool, the hidden space has a clandestine aspect — hard for anyone to steal objects within if they don't even know it's there. Not that we'd ever recommend hiding contraband inside it. SEE ALSO: Chevy Unveils 2014 Corvette at Detroit Auto Show
 The new Corvette's hidey-hole certainly isn't the first motorized screen for a car dashboard, but it's the only one we've seen with a secret storage area tucked behind it. If you know of any others, please let us know in the comments. And tell us what you think of the Corvette's disappearing screen trick. The new Corvette features a top-to-bottom redesign of the iconic sports car. Now built out of aluminum and carbon fiber instead of steel, it's lighter and has more horsepower -- 450 to the 2013 model's 430. No price yet, but Chevy says it'll be in the neighborhood of current Corvettes with start around $50,000. The 2014 Corvette has a new logo as well. One of the more controversial aspects of the redesign is the back end, which ditches the circular tail lights that have been around since the first Corvette in 1953 for something more modern. The Stingray logo, not used since the 1970s, also got a makeover. The 2014 Corvette dashboard includes two HD screens, one of which retracts at the touch of a buttton. The interior design got a makeover, too, with "adrenaline red" seat coloring as an option. The Corvette has been redesigned only six times, for a grand total of seven generations of the car, including the 2014 model. This is the one that started it all. Photos by Pete Pachal, Mashable