Campbell's Soup wants to give you new resources for your smartphone and the web to find meal ideas.  The company is inviting developers to "Hack the Kitchen" and create web or mobile apps that make people's lives easier when it comes to finding recipes and cooking. The contest begins on Monday, Jan. 14th and the deadline to submit entries is February 1st.  "The solution can be a web experience, mobile app, something for the XBOX or even an in-car app experience that leverages the new SDKs announced at CES," Adam Kmiec, director of global digital marketing and social media at Campbell Soup Company, told Mashable. "We haven’t set a requirement; it's a blank canvas. We know that consumers are looking for ways to answer the question, 'What’s for dinner?' and we've developed our own API to help guide the development process." It's not a requirement that Campbell's products be part of the app.   SEE ALSO: 7 Apps to Help You Cook And Eat Like a Pro  "With the 'Hack the Kitchen' effort, we want to make the entire dinner process easier -– from choosing what to eat and how to prepare it, incorporating pantry items and understanding the health benefits of various meal options. We are hoping to see ideas that incorporate these key elements," Kmiec said.  A small number of developers will be chosen to present a prototype by March 4, 2013. From there, 10 finalists will be selected to present their application at Google Headquarters in New York City on March 22, 2013, where the winner will be chosen. The top 10 finalists will be announced on March 11, 2013. The grand prize winner will be awarded $25,000 plus a $25,000 contract to develop the app. The runner-up will be given $10,000 for their idea and consideration by Campbells for possible future development.  Do you consult apps to help you plan your dinner menu? What would you like to see in an app like this? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, BakiBGCampbell's Soup wants to give you new resources for your smartphone and the web to find meal ideas.  The company is inviting developers to "Hack the Kitchen" and create web or mobile apps that make people's lives easier when it comes to finding recipes and cooking. The contest begins on Monday, Jan. 14th and the deadline to submit entries is February 1st.  "The solution can be a web experience, mobile app, something for the XBOX or even an in-car app experience that leverages the new SDKs announced at CES," Adam Kmiec, director of global digital marketing and social media at Campbell Soup Company, told Mashable. "We haven’t set a requirement; it's a blank canvas. We know that consumers are looking for ways to answer the question, 'What’s for dinner?' and we've developed our own API to help guide the development process." It's not a requirement that Campbell's products be part of the app.   SEE ALSO: 7 Apps to Help You Cook And Eat Like a Pro  "With the 'Hack the Kitchen' effort, we want to make the entire dinner process easier -– from choosing what to eat and how to prepare it, incorporating pantry items and understanding the health benefits of various meal options. We are hoping to see ideas that incorporate these key elements," Kmiec said.  A small number of developers will be chosen to present a prototype by March 4, 2013. From there, 10 finalists will be selected to present their application at Google Headquarters in New York City on March 22, 2013, where the winner will be chosen. The top 10 finalists will be announced on March 11, 2013. The grand prize winner will be awarded $25,000 plus a $25,000 contract to develop the app. The runner-up will be given $10,000 for their idea and consideration by Campbells for possible future development.  Do you consult apps to help you plan your dinner menu? What would you like to see in an app like this? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, BakiBG