Remember the Rubik's Cube? Of course you do. Invented in 1974 and sold non-stop from 1980 onward, the fiendishly difficult six-faced puzzle has fascinated the planet for generations. It is widely regarded as the best-selling toy in the world, shipping more than 350 million units. There's even a touchscreen version. But there has always been one group unable to enjoy it — until now.  "My buddy is blind. I want to get him a Rubik’s Cube, but I don’t really have the skills to make this kind of thing." So wrote Lauren, a user of the website Custom Made, which connects the unusual desires of its customers with makers looking for a challenge.  The maker who stepped up to the plate in this instance was Tom Stringham of Emerald Models Inc., a company that has built projects for the New York State School for the Blind. Stringham tells the story of building the cube on the Custom Made blog.  The result is what you can see above: a cube with nine clear acrylic plastic molds on each side. Each one of the molds bears the contours of a distinct shape — crosses, triangles, squares, circles, stars and lines.  The braille-like cubes aren't for sale commercially, but you can get one custom-made here. Stringham's suggested price is $100.  Image courtesy of CustomMadeRemember the Rubik's Cube? Of course you do. Invented in 1974 and sold non-stop from 1980 onward, the fiendishly difficult six-faced puzzle has fascinated the planet for generations. It is widely regarded as the best-selling toy in the world, shipping more than 350 million units. There's even a touchscreen version. But there has always been one group unable to enjoy it — until now.  "My buddy is blind. I want to get him a Rubik’s Cube, but I don’t really have the skills to make this kind of thing." So wrote Lauren, a user of the website Custom Made, which connects the unusual desires of its customers with makers looking for a challenge.  The maker who stepped up to the plate in this instance was Tom Stringham of Emerald Models Inc., a company that has built projects for the New York State School for the Blind. Stringham tells the story of building the cube on the Custom Made blog.  The result is what you can see above: a cube with nine clear acrylic plastic molds on each side. Each one of the molds bears the contours of a distinct shape — crosses, triangles, squares, circles, stars and lines.  The braille-like cubes aren't for sale commercially, but you can get one custom-made here. Stringham's suggested price is $100.  Image courtesy of CustomMade