 I'm not immune to charms of giant ultra HD screens, glowing white booths filled with futuristic sports cars and celebrities sporting the latest headphones, but my favorite part of CES 2013, by far, is the back alleys — especially the tiny booths in the International Pavilion. They're kind of off the beaten path. You won't find them in the giant Central Hall, or the auto-filled North Hall or even the lower floor and tiny and quirky booths of the South Hall. No, they're a walk away in the ballrooms of the Las Vegas Hotel (formerly the Las Vegas Hilton). Inside are dozens of tiny booths full of tiny — and mostly Asian — companies peddling unusual wares. When they saw me and my cameraman arrive, one company rep actually thanked us and said, "no one comes around here." And that is a shame, because the products are unusual, interesting and if nothing else, colorful. It's not just the products that are different.  The International Pavilion has its quirks. Most company reps speak little-to-no English and many quote prices in Yen. Some grow nervous when you ask when the products will hit the U.S. market, asking if they can "contact you tomorrow."  And everywhere you look there are not only bowls of odd candys but crackers and nuts. One woman smiled broadly and encouraged me to take some nuts and all I could think about was the hundreds of other hands that had already been in that bowl of unwrapped food. Yet, even this only added to the International Pavilion's charm. Among the highlights: a tiny flying RC robot, a remote control power strip that looks more like a toilet seat, a speaker that looks like a boat, see-through keyboards and a hand-crank charger for your iPhone. So settle back and join me on a tour of CES 2013's best back alley. I'm not immune to charms of giant ultra HD screens, glowing white booths filled with futuristic sports cars and celebrities sporting the latest headphones, but my favorite part of CES 2013, by far, is the back alleys — especially the tiny booths in the International Pavilion. They're kind of off the beaten path. You won't find them in the giant Central Hall, or the auto-filled North Hall or even the lower floor and tiny and quirky booths of the South Hall. No, they're a walk away in the ballrooms of the Las Vegas Hotel (formerly the Las Vegas Hilton). Inside are dozens of tiny booths full of tiny — and mostly Asian — companies peddling unusual wares. When they saw me and my cameraman arrive, one company rep actually thanked us and said, "no one comes around here." And that is a shame, because the products are unusual, interesting and if nothing else, colorful. It's not just the products that are different.  The International Pavilion has its quirks. Most company reps speak little-to-no English and many quote prices in Yen. Some grow nervous when you ask when the products will hit the U.S. market, asking if they can "contact you tomorrow."  And everywhere you look there are not only bowls of odd candys but crackers and nuts. One woman smiled broadly and encouraged me to take some nuts and all I could think about was the hundreds of other hands that had already been in that bowl of unwrapped food. Yet, even this only added to the International Pavilion's charm. Among the highlights: a tiny flying RC robot, a remote control power strip that looks more like a toilet seat, a speaker that looks like a boat, see-through keyboards and a hand-crank charger for your iPhone. So settle back and join me on a tour of CES 2013's best back alley.