Valentine's Day is approaching and it's just not the time of year that you want to be alone.  And, sure, you could bring back that made-up gal-pal you bragged about around space camp back in the day, but technology has really screwed with your ability to fib. A quick Google search can reveal the truth.  So let technology fix the problem that it created; sign up for NamoroFake.com. For $39.99, all (or at least a few) of your dating woes will be solved. The Brazil-based site can generate a fake Facebook profile for your "girlfriend," complete with comments and relationship statuses from the past 30 days.  It's almost foolproof. (Until, perhaps, someone asks to see a picture of the two of you tagged together on Facebook — then you'll have to Photoshop your way out of that mess.) SEE ALSO: How Facebook Graph Search Could Disrupt Online Dating
 And sheer desperation doesn't have to be the only reason for your membership. Using the site could be a great way to get that ex of yours all jealous, or get your matchmaking mother off your back.  Seems like such a steal for $39.99.  Unfortunately, the site currently only creates fake girlfriends, not boyfriends. But they promise to eventually launch a male version of the imaginary lover.  While you wait for Mr. Facebook Perfect, feel free to invest in one of these boyfriend arm pillows, which we're sure you can pass off as a boy-toy with just a hat and some sunglasses.   H/T Hypervocal. Images via NamoroFake.com and Amazon.com. Thumbnail image courtesy of iStockphoto, PCre8tions Valentine's Day is approaching and it's just not the time of year that you want to be alone.  And, sure, you could bring back that made-up gal-pal you bragged about around space camp back in the day, but technology has really screwed with your ability to fib. A quick Google search can reveal the truth.  So let technology fix the problem that it created; sign up for NamoroFake.com. For $39.99, all (or at least a few) of your dating woes will be solved. The Brazil-based site can generate a fake Facebook profile for your "girlfriend," complete with comments and relationship statuses from the past 30 days.  It's almost foolproof. (Until, perhaps, someone asks to see a picture of the two of you tagged together on Facebook — then you'll have to Photoshop your way out of that mess.) SEE ALSO: How Facebook Graph Search Could Disrupt Online Dating
 And sheer desperation doesn't have to be the only reason for your membership. Using the site could be a great way to get that ex of yours all jealous, or get your matchmaking mother off your back.  Seems like such a steal for $39.99.  Unfortunately, the site currently only creates fake girlfriends, not boyfriends. But they promise to eventually launch a male version of the imaginary lover.  While you wait for Mr. Facebook Perfect, feel free to invest in one of these boyfriend arm pillows, which we're sure you can pass off as a boy-toy with just a hat and some sunglasses.   H/T Hypervocal. Images via NamoroFake.com and Amazon.com. Thumbnail image courtesy of iStockphoto, PCre8tions 