Malaria No More, a non-profit that aims to end all malaria-related deaths in Africa by 2015, teamed up with CollegeHumor to create Malarious, an online collection of 24 videos that people can unlock in exchange for a small donation toward the cause. Read more about Malarious here. The Shelter Pet Project is a collaborative effort between the Humane Society of the United States, Maddie’s Fund and the Ad Council. In a series of PSAs from 2011, the campaign featured hilarious talking animals (via voice-over, not the creepy, computer-generated, mouth-moving kind) to spread awareness about pet adoption. In its "Dumb Ways to Die" campaign, Metro Trains Melbourne used humor to help prevent a serious issue -- train injuries, which are alarmingly common in the Australian state of Victoria. The PSA, which has nearly 40 million views on YouTube, shows that gettting hit by a train is one among several dumb ways to die, including selling both your kidneys online and taking your helmet off in outer space. The Harry Potter Alliance is based on a concept from the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling -- that love is the best "weapon" we have. Founded in 2005, the Alliance is made up of Harry Potter fans around the world, who spread awareness and fight real-world injustices based on issues found in the series. The non-profit's campaigns are often filled with subtle humor and funny references to HP characters. It raised about $123,000 for Haitian earthquake relief, for example. The ONE campaign's mission is to fight extreme poverty and preventable disease around the world. In this particular video, celebrities make funny predictions for the year 2015, but end on a serious (but hopeful) note -- that we will see "the beginning of the end" of AIDS. The Sierra Club, the largest grassroots environmental organization in the United States, created a series of PSAs called "Coal Will Say Anything." It uses actual TV and film footage but dubs it with a fictional coal company's big business agenda.  The Norwegian Students' and Academics' International Assistance Fund created this satirical (and catchy) music video for made-up project Radi-Aid. The deeper message is that we need to give aid based on real need, not just good intentions, and that we need to educate ourselves about complex issues. This one isn't as "laugh out loud" as the others in this list. Non-profit Water Is Life created this darkly humorous but deeply upsetting video in response to the Twitter hashtag #FirstWorldProblems. (RED) aims for an AIDS-free generation. In this funny, celebrity-filled PSA, we learn about all the things that 40 cents can buy, in other words, the amount of money that buys daily HIV treatments. Laughter is the best medicine, and it might even help cure the world's ills, too. Various organizations use Internet humor to promote serious causes, whether it's fighting AIDS, protecting the environment or promoting pet adoption. Behind the jokes and laughs, however, is the drive to create change. SEE ALSO: Top 5 Non-Profit YouTube Videos of 2012
 We've rounded up nine examples of non-profits that successfully employ web humor — using comedy to engage people while laying out important facts at the same time. Which non-profit would you nominate for No. 10 on this list? Let us know in the comments. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, McKevin.Malaria No More, a non-profit that aims to end all malaria-related deaths in Africa by 2015, teamed up with CollegeHumor to create Malarious, an online collection of 24 videos that people can unlock in exchange for a small donation toward the cause. Read more about Malarious here. The Shelter Pet Project is a collaborative effort between the Humane Society of the United States, Maddie’s Fund and the Ad Council. In a series of PSAs from 2011, the campaign featured hilarious talking animals (via voice-over, not the creepy, computer-generated, mouth-moving kind) to spread awareness about pet adoption. In its "Dumb Ways to Die" campaign, Metro Trains Melbourne used humor to help prevent a serious issue -- train injuries, which are alarmingly common in the Australian state of Victoria. The PSA, which has nearly 40 million views on YouTube, shows that gettting hit by a train is one among several dumb ways to die, including selling both your kidneys online and taking your helmet off in outer space. The Harry Potter Alliance is based on a concept from the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling -- that love is the best "weapon" we have. Founded in 2005, the Alliance is made up of Harry Potter fans around the world, who spread awareness and fight real-world injustices based on issues found in the series. The non-profit's campaigns are often filled with subtle humor and funny references to HP characters. It raised about $123,000 for Haitian earthquake relief, for example. The ONE campaign's mission is to fight extreme poverty and preventable disease around the world. In this particular video, celebrities make funny predictions for the year 2015, but end on a serious (but hopeful) note -- that we will see "the beginning of the end" of AIDS. The Sierra Club, the largest grassroots environmental organization in the United States, created a series of PSAs called "Coal Will Say Anything." It uses actual TV and film footage but dubs it with a fictional coal company's big business agenda.  The Norwegian Students' and Academics' International Assistance Fund created this satirical (and catchy) music video for made-up project Radi-Aid. The deeper message is that we need to give aid based on real need, not just good intentions, and that we need to educate ourselves about complex issues. This one isn't as "laugh out loud" as the others in this list. Non-profit Water Is Life created this darkly humorous but deeply upsetting video in response to the Twitter hashtag #FirstWorldProblems. (RED) aims for an AIDS-free generation. In this funny, celebrity-filled PSA, we learn about all the things that 40 cents can buy, in other words, the amount of money that buys daily HIV treatments. Laughter is the best medicine, and it might even help cure the world's ills, too. Various organizations use Internet humor to promote serious causes, whether it's fighting AIDS, protecting the environment or promoting pet adoption. Behind the jokes and laughs, however, is the drive to create change. SEE ALSO: Top 5 Non-Profit YouTube Videos of 2012
 We've rounded up nine examples of non-profits that successfully employ web humor — using comedy to engage people while laying out important facts at the same time. Which non-profit would you nominate for No. 10 on this list? Let us know in the comments. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, McKevin.