 Ah the Golden Globes, the one night of the year where, according to Amy Poehler, the "beautiful people of film rub shoulders with the rat-faced people of television."  It's what makes it such a special occassion. Well, that and the unlimited champagne. But we say last night's 70th annual show was memorable mostly because of the hosts, BFFs and comedy powerhouses, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. They outshone past hosts like Ricky Gervais — which they'll tell you themselves — and added an SNL flair to their comedy bits, complete with costumes and an attempt to take home awards for their made up film, Dog President.  SEE ALSO: And the Golden Globe Goes to ... GIFs!
 Even their response to seeing a former president on stage was right on beat.  "That was Hillary Clinton's husband," Poehler quipped after Bill Clinton surprised the crowd to introduce Lincoln. We're not sure if it was the excessive amounts of free booze but the audience seemed to love it, and so did we. We just pray that the Hollywood Foreign Press Association hires these two indefinitely to keep all future awards shows equally torture-less.  What was your favorite joke or moment of the night?  BONUS: Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell's Intro Speech That Brought Down the Golden Globes House  Thumbnail image via YouTube, itn. Ah the Golden Globes, the one night of the year where, according to Amy Poehler, the "beautiful people of film rub shoulders with the rat-faced people of television."  It's what makes it such a special occassion. Well, that and the unlimited champagne. But we say last night's 70th annual show was memorable mostly because of the hosts, BFFs and comedy powerhouses, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. They outshone past hosts like Ricky Gervais — which they'll tell you themselves — and added an SNL flair to their comedy bits, complete with costumes and an attempt to take home awards for their made up film, Dog President.  SEE ALSO: And the Golden Globe Goes to ... GIFs!
 Even their response to seeing a former president on stage was right on beat.  "That was Hillary Clinton's husband," Poehler quipped after Bill Clinton surprised the crowd to introduce Lincoln. We're not sure if it was the excessive amounts of free booze but the audience seemed to love it, and so did we. We just pray that the Hollywood Foreign Press Association hires these two indefinitely to keep all future awards shows equally torture-less.  What was your favorite joke or moment of the night?  BONUS: Kristen Wiig and Will Ferrell's Intro Speech That Brought Down the Golden Globes House  Thumbnail image via YouTube, itn.