Mobile advertising prices rose dramatically in the fourth quarter of 2012, as the advertising season kicked into high gear. In fact, the metric for effective cost per thousand impressions (eCPMs) was up 50%, new data suggests. A new report from MoPub — a real-time bidding exchange where advertisers bid on ad inventory from smartphone apps — tracked its network of 30 billion ad impressions in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reveal spikes in mobile ad prices. "By looking at the fourth quarter — which is the big advertising season — it's evident that mobile is catching up to what we already know is happening," said Elain Szu, director of product marketing. "Advertisers really looked to mobile during the holidays, which validates the channel and the overall marketing trend."  Click-through rates during the holiday season not only performed well in December, but remained high on both iOS and Android platforms well into January — it even surpassed click-through rates in December.   But iOS saw the biggest spike in eCPMs during the period with 66% higher prices than the beginning of the quarter.  SEE ALSO: Report: Digital Advertising Broke $100 Billion in 2012 "The iPad overtook the iPhone as the most popular device among advertising sources," MoPub said in its report. "Larger screens are proving better for publishers trying to monetize ads." Image via iStockphoto, pressureUA and MoPubMobile advertising prices rose dramatically in the fourth quarter of 2012, as the advertising season kicked into high gear. In fact, the metric for effective cost per thousand impressions (eCPMs) was up 50%, new data suggests. A new report from MoPub — a real-time bidding exchange where advertisers bid on ad inventory from smartphone apps — tracked its network of 30 billion ad impressions in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reveal spikes in mobile ad prices. "By looking at the fourth quarter — which is the big advertising season — it's evident that mobile is catching up to what we already know is happening," said Elain Szu, director of product marketing. "Advertisers really looked to mobile during the holidays, which validates the channel and the overall marketing trend."  Click-through rates during the holiday season not only performed well in December, but remained high on both iOS and Android platforms well into January — it even surpassed click-through rates in December.   But iOS saw the biggest spike in eCPMs during the period with 66% higher prices than the beginning of the quarter.  SEE ALSO: Report: Digital Advertising Broke $100 Billion in 2012 "The iPad overtook the iPhone as the most popular device among advertising sources," MoPub said in its report. "Larger screens are proving better for publishers trying to monetize ads." Image via iStockphoto, pressureUA and MoPub