The Surface was supposed to be Microsoft's real answer to the iPad — a Windows-based tablet that would satisfy both casual users and digital workers. Now it looks like it's appealing to neither. UBS analyst Brent Thill estimates Microsoft has sold only 1 million Surface RT tablets, reported by Business Insider. He had previously estimated 2 million. To put those figures in perspective, Apple is estimated to sell in the neighborhood of 20 million iPads for the same period. This is far from the first sign that the Surface isn't doing very well. A month ago, brokerage firm Detwiler Fenton said Microsoft wouldn't even break a million units, estimating sales for the quarter at 600,000 units maximum. However, that was before Microsoft expanded retail distribution of the Surface early, which likely led to better numbers.  In addition, last week Samsung said it was pulling back plans to release its own tablet based on Windows RT — the same operating system running on the Surface — citing customer ignorance about the pared-down version of Windows made to run on ARM-based devices. Cost was also a factor. "We didn't necessarily attain the price point that we hoped to attain," Samsung senior vice president Mike Abary told CNET. Looking at web usage, a study conducted by Chikita Insights just before the holidays found the Microsoft Surface accounted for just 0.22 ad impressions for every 100 impressions from an iPad. Finally, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said in an interview last November that sales were "modest" (although Microsoft later said Ballmer was talking about supply and distribution of the Surface, not sales). If the Surface RT is doing poorly, Microsoft's hopes in the tablet space could be resurrected by the Surface Pro, a slightly larger version of the device that runs Windows 8 Pro. Microsoft has previously said the Pro version would launch three months after the Surface RT, or about the end of January. Why do you think the Surface is struggling, and do you think the Surface Pro will turn things around? Let us know in the comments. Photo courtesy of Microsoft This is the Surface tablet with Touch Cover in place. Microsoft's boxing is as clean and well-designed as anything from Apple. Details about Surface can be found on the back. Notice that our unit is the 64 GB model. This is all there is inside the Surface box: A Tablet and AC power adapter.  Underneath the Surface is this tiny instruction booklet. It has just enough instruction to get you started. A closer look at the instruction booklet. Removing the Surface for the first time. The metal kick stand flips open with a flick of the finger. This USB 2.0 slot works with most of your Windows peripherals. Here, I stuck in a Bluetooth connector for my Microsoft Arc Mouse. The magnetic power jack is convenient, but the magnetic plug doesn't always click in that smoothly. Also, is this really the best spot for a micro-SD slot? This tablet is built with a keyboard in mind. Both the Touch Cover and Touch Keyboard snap into this channel with a resounding "click!" Front and back cameras shoot 720P video and just above 1 MP stills. The volume rocker has an interesting trick: Press up or down volume twice and the volume will zoom all the way up or down on its own. We got the $699 64 GB Surface and Touch Cover bundle. This is what the Touch Cover looks like in the box. The Touch Cover, which is the same width as the Surface tablet, easily accommodates my two largish hands. This is the welcome screen. A swipe up or tap on the space bar brings up the log-in. Just like traditional Windows, Windows RT supports multiple user profiles. You can alter Windows RT just as much as you can Windows 8 and its predecessor, Windows 7. While I had some trouble finding a decent drawing app in the Windows app store, Fresh Paint is a powerful, virtual media app. Yes, you can draw on this tablet with your finger, but it did not work particularly well with a stylus. This racing game's start screen was far more impressive than the actual game. IE 10 in Windows RT is, like IE in Windows 8, a full-scale, touch-friendly redesign. Amazon has built a native app for Windows RT. Of course, if you build an app for Windows 8, it should work for everything from Windows Phone to Windows 8 to Windows RT. Windows RT Start Screen looks and works exactly like Windows 8 If you want to share in Windows RT, you have to dig under People to find Twitter and Facebook. I love how easy it is to connect to a Homegroup printer and print right from within Windows RT. Search is ubiquitous and contextual. So are settings. RT has a file system that's quite easy to navigate. Searchable across files is easy, too. Underneath RT is a very familiar Windows Desktop and Explorer like file manager. A swipe down at the top of the screen reveals all your open browser windows (in thumbnail form). A swipe up from the bottom opens a contextual control bar, in this case for email. You have your photos on the device and those you're sharing with the Skydrive cloud, The Task Manager is simplified, but still there in Windows RT (so is the Registry). Got too many tiles? Pinch and Zoom to get 30,000 ft view.The Surface was supposed to be Microsoft's real answer to the iPad — a Windows-based tablet that would satisfy both casual users and digital workers. Now it looks like it's appealing to neither. UBS analyst Brent Thill estimates Microsoft has sold only 1 million Surface RT tablets, reported by Business Insider. He had previously estimated 2 million. To put those figures in perspective, Apple is estimated to sell in the neighborhood of 20 million iPads for the same period. This is far from the first sign that the Surface isn't doing very well. A month ago, brokerage firm Detwiler Fenton said Microsoft wouldn't even break a million units, estimating sales for the quarter at 600,000 units maximum. However, that was before Microsoft expanded retail distribution of the Surface early, which likely led to better numbers.  In addition, last week Samsung said it was pulling back plans to release its own tablet based on Windows RT — the same operating system running on the Surface — citing customer ignorance about the pared-down version of Windows made to run on ARM-based devices. Cost was also a factor. "We didn't necessarily attain the price point that we hoped to attain," Samsung senior vice president Mike Abary told CNET. Looking at web usage, a study conducted by Chikita Insights just before the holidays found the Microsoft Surface accounted for just 0.22 ad impressions for every 100 impressions from an iPad. Finally, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said in an interview last November that sales were "modest" (although Microsoft later said Ballmer was talking about supply and distribution of the Surface, not sales). If the Surface RT is doing poorly, Microsoft's hopes in the tablet space could be resurrected by the Surface Pro, a slightly larger version of the device that runs Windows 8 Pro. Microsoft has previously said the Pro version would launch three months after the Surface RT, or about the end of January. Why do you think the Surface is struggling, and do you think the Surface Pro will turn things around? Let us know in the comments. Photo courtesy of Microsoft This is the Surface tablet with Touch Cover in place. Microsoft's boxing is as clean and well-designed as anything from Apple. Details about Surface can be found on the back. Notice that our unit is the 64 GB model. This is all there is inside the Surface box: A Tablet and AC power adapter.  Underneath the Surface is this tiny instruction booklet. It has just enough instruction to get you started. A closer look at the instruction booklet. Removing the Surface for the first time. The metal kick stand flips open with a flick of the finger. This USB 2.0 slot works with most of your Windows peripherals. Here, I stuck in a Bluetooth connector for my Microsoft Arc Mouse. The magnetic power jack is convenient, but the magnetic plug doesn't always click in that smoothly. Also, is this really the best spot for a micro-SD slot? This tablet is built with a keyboard in mind. Both the Touch Cover and Touch Keyboard snap into this channel with a resounding "click!" Front and back cameras shoot 720P video and just above 1 MP stills. The volume rocker has an interesting trick: Press up or down volume twice and the volume will zoom all the way up or down on its own. We got the $699 64 GB Surface and Touch Cover bundle. This is what the Touch Cover looks like in the box. The Touch Cover, which is the same width as the Surface tablet, easily accommodates my two largish hands. This is the welcome screen. A swipe up or tap on the space bar brings up the log-in. Just like traditional Windows, Windows RT supports multiple user profiles. You can alter Windows RT just as much as you can Windows 8 and its predecessor, Windows 7. While I had some trouble finding a decent drawing app in the Windows app store, Fresh Paint is a powerful, virtual media app. Yes, you can draw on this tablet with your finger, but it did not work particularly well with a stylus. This racing game's start screen was far more impressive than the actual game. IE 10 in Windows RT is, like IE in Windows 8, a full-scale, touch-friendly redesign. Amazon has built a native app for Windows RT. Of course, if you build an app for Windows 8, it should work for everything from Windows Phone to Windows 8 to Windows RT. Windows RT Start Screen looks and works exactly like Windows 8 If you want to share in Windows RT, you have to dig under People to find Twitter and Facebook. I love how easy it is to connect to a Homegroup printer and print right from within Windows RT. Search is ubiquitous and contextual. So are settings. RT has a file system that's quite easy to navigate. Searchable across files is easy, too. Underneath RT is a very familiar Windows Desktop and Explorer like file manager. A swipe down at the top of the screen reveals all your open browser windows (in thumbnail form). A swipe up from the bottom opens a contextual control bar, in this case for email. You have your photos on the device and those you're sharing with the Skydrive cloud, The Task Manager is simplified, but still there in Windows RT (so is the Registry). Got too many tiles? Pinch and Zoom to get 30,000 ft view.