The Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Name: Trip Tern One-Liner Pitch: Trip Tern will plan out the itinerary for your next getaway. Why It's Taking Off: Trip Tern’s goal is to make your travel planning easier by creating an itinerary that includes information about your city, hotel and interests. Planning a trip to a new city is time-consuming and often requires researching restaurants, hotels, transportation and more on various travel websites. Now, one India-based startup hopes to simplify that process by being a one-stop destination for all your trip planning needs. Trip Tern is a social travel site that prepares your own travel itinerary for your next trip in just a few minutes. Users can select the destination, hotel, dates and attractions that they’re interested in, and Trip Tern will create an itinerary with all of the information. Trip Tern also provides a map that shows the location of the hotel and attractions nearby. “We found that when planning your own trips, travel sites just give you information and a list of places to see without any direction,” Shailendra Sason, co-founder of Trip Tern, told Mashable. “Trip Tern creates the perfect itinerary so that you have an optimized plan for however long you are staying in a city.”  Users can edit the itineraries as needed to suit any changes to their travel plans.  Similar to the online travel organizer TripIt, Trip Tern lets you share your itinerary online with friends and family. TripIt’s itinerary feature, however, allows users to include more detailed information about their trips, such as flight and hotel details, weather and driving directions. Although users cannot book hotels on Trip Tern, the company plans to add this option and earn revenue from it in the future. The team is also considering giving users the option to contact travel agents in their desired city directly from the site. As you visit new destinations from Trip Tern’s list of cities, you can build a collection of your trips with photos that you can share with friends. Trip Tern also lets you keep up with your friends’ travel adventures by showing you their photos and details about their trips each time you log on to the site. Trip Tern is currently in beta and has 6,000 users, many of whom have been exploring New York and London as possible travel destinations. Although there are only 16 cities to choose from on its website, the company will soon add more cities in Europe, North America and South America. The startup is also planning to develop a mobile app, create a local language glossary and add details about weather and transportation to itineraries. Trip Tern is self-funded and expects to launch publicly in March. Images courtesy of Flickr, mkosut and Trip TernThe Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Name: Trip Tern One-Liner Pitch: Trip Tern will plan out the itinerary for your next getaway. Why It's Taking Off: Trip Tern’s goal is to make your travel planning easier by creating an itinerary that includes information about your city, hotel and interests. Planning a trip to a new city is time-consuming and often requires researching restaurants, hotels, transportation and more on various travel websites. Now, one India-based startup hopes to simplify that process by being a one-stop destination for all your trip planning needs. Trip Tern is a social travel site that prepares your own travel itinerary for your next trip in just a few minutes. Users can select the destination, hotel, dates and attractions that they’re interested in, and Trip Tern will create an itinerary with all of the information. Trip Tern also provides a map that shows the location of the hotel and attractions nearby. “We found that when planning your own trips, travel sites just give you information and a list of places to see without any direction,” Shailendra Sason, co-founder of Trip Tern, told Mashable. “Trip Tern creates the perfect itinerary so that you have an optimized plan for however long you are staying in a city.”  Users can edit the itineraries as needed to suit any changes to their travel plans.  Similar to the online travel organizer TripIt, Trip Tern lets you share your itinerary online with friends and family. TripIt’s itinerary feature, however, allows users to include more detailed information about their trips, such as flight and hotel details, weather and driving directions. Although users cannot book hotels on Trip Tern, the company plans to add this option and earn revenue from it in the future. The team is also considering giving users the option to contact travel agents in their desired city directly from the site. As you visit new destinations from Trip Tern’s list of cities, you can build a collection of your trips with photos that you can share with friends. Trip Tern also lets you keep up with your friends’ travel adventures by showing you their photos and details about their trips each time you log on to the site. Trip Tern is currently in beta and has 6,000 users, many of whom have been exploring New York and London as possible travel destinations. Although there are only 16 cities to choose from on its website, the company will soon add more cities in Europe, North America and South America. The startup is also planning to develop a mobile app, create a local language glossary and add details about weather and transportation to itineraries. Trip Tern is self-funded and expects to launch publicly in March. Images courtesy of Flickr, mkosut and Trip Tern