 Sorry to break it to all you bros out there, but back in the day you were just one of the ladies.  And while we're sure you'll be happy to finally release the goddess within, take a moment to learn how you grew up to be oh so manly.  It has something to do with chromosomes and skin overlapping ... and all that other stuff they taught you in 7th grade science class, but you were too busy making paper airplanes to listen to.  SEE ALSO: 4.5 Billion Years of Earth's Evolution Boiled Down to 2 Minutes
 That's why this video from ASAP Science reveals the answer to the most asked question of history — Why do men have nipples? Just watch and learn.  What was the most surprising thing you learned in the video? Share in the comments below.  BONUS: 20 Entertaining YouTube Videos Under 20 Seconds  Apples and banahoahahshas. Cuban Pete is king of the rumba beat. Just needed a little exercise. Hokey Pokey on repeat. Typical Muppet reaction. Gangnam Style + Star Wars = 11 Seconds of Awesome Pugs are pretty scary. AHHHHHHH! Gesundheit. No description needed. Fur will fly. Hoppity hop pug. Trucking, trucking...whaaa? Sometimes all you need is a few seconds of puppies. High kicks. This is why people are afraid of technology. Now you know how to say hamburger. Failed to watch for the red light. Well, that was fun. Luke tries to resist the Dark PSYde. Photo via  iStockphoto, khananastasia. Sorry to break it to all you bros out there, but back in the day you were just one of the ladies.  And while we're sure you'll be happy to finally release the goddess within, take a moment to learn how you grew up to be oh so manly.  It has something to do with chromosomes and skin overlapping ... and all that other stuff they taught you in 7th grade science class, but you were too busy making paper airplanes to listen to.  SEE ALSO: 4.5 Billion Years of Earth's Evolution Boiled Down to 2 Minutes
 That's why this video from ASAP Science reveals the answer to the most asked question of history — Why do men have nipples? Just watch and learn.  What was the most surprising thing you learned in the video? Share in the comments below.  BONUS: 20 Entertaining YouTube Videos Under 20 Seconds  Apples and banahoahahshas. Cuban Pete is king of the rumba beat. Just needed a little exercise. Hokey Pokey on repeat. Typical Muppet reaction. Gangnam Style + Star Wars = 11 Seconds of Awesome Pugs are pretty scary. AHHHHHHH! Gesundheit. No description needed. Fur will fly. Hoppity hop pug. Trucking, trucking...whaaa? Sometimes all you need is a few seconds of puppies. High kicks. This is why people are afraid of technology. Now you know how to say hamburger. Failed to watch for the red light. Well, that was fun. Luke tries to resist the Dark PSYde. Photo via  iStockphoto, khananastasia.