 LAS VEGAS — We’re still decades away from Rosie the Robot-style house-cleaning robots, but smaller, single-purpose robots are here today and more and more of them are ready to tackle the jobs we absolutely do not want to do. Unveiled here at CES 2013, Ecovac’s Winbot Series 7 is actually the company’s second-generation Window-cleaning robot.  The old model was a two-piece device that used magnets to cling windows (one magnet on the inside and another on the outside). But Series 7 is a single AC-powered device. We took it for a test-spin on the floor of CES. Winbot Series 7 is square with rounded corners and a large handle. While it feels substantial, it’s not heavy. Using it was a bit more complicated than I expected. You start by adding a bit of solution to the cleaning surfaces on the base. Then you have to place it on the Window surface, turn it on (there’s a slider switch under the handle), and hold it against the window while Winbot builds up enough suction to hang on.  This took about 30 seconds. The whole time the robot made a tiny whirring sound as it created a vacuum seal between it and the dirty window. After that, it was smooth sailing. Winbot immediately started moving about the window, measuring the space and mapping out a cleaning plan. It then started cleaning and worked until it decided the surface was completely clean.  When finished, the robot returns to exactly where you started. It makes little tones at the start and finish of each cleaning task. Because it includes a squeegee system, there is no residue, or liquid of any sort, left on the window when Winbot was done. Not bad.  Winbot arrives later this year with an expected retail price of between $299 and $399. Check out the video above to see Winbot in action — and let us know in the comments if you think this could replace your window cleaner. LAS VEGAS — We’re still decades away from Rosie the Robot-style house-cleaning robots, but smaller, single-purpose robots are here today and more and more of them are ready to tackle the jobs we absolutely do not want to do. Unveiled here at CES 2013, Ecovac’s Winbot Series 7 is actually the company’s second-generation Window-cleaning robot.  The old model was a two-piece device that used magnets to cling windows (one magnet on the inside and another on the outside). But Series 7 is a single AC-powered device. We took it for a test-spin on the floor of CES. Winbot Series 7 is square with rounded corners and a large handle. While it feels substantial, it’s not heavy. Using it was a bit more complicated than I expected. You start by adding a bit of solution to the cleaning surfaces on the base. Then you have to place it on the Window surface, turn it on (there’s a slider switch under the handle), and hold it against the window while Winbot builds up enough suction to hang on.  This took about 30 seconds. The whole time the robot made a tiny whirring sound as it created a vacuum seal between it and the dirty window. After that, it was smooth sailing. Winbot immediately started moving about the window, measuring the space and mapping out a cleaning plan. It then started cleaning and worked until it decided the surface was completely clean.  When finished, the robot returns to exactly where you started. It makes little tones at the start and finish of each cleaning task. Because it includes a squeegee system, there is no residue, or liquid of any sort, left on the window when Winbot was done. Not bad.  Winbot arrives later this year with an expected retail price of between $299 and $399. Check out the video above to see Winbot in action — and let us know in the comments if you think this could replace your window cleaner.