 An eighth grader had his Michael Jordan Game 6 moment, and while the kid didn't walk away with an NBA championship, he did end up with a pretty awesome story to share. Number 50 got the ball with only moments left in the game, and with little room to square up, he scrambled to let off the old granny shot. Did we mention this amazing basketball moment happened with the shooter's back to the net? SEE ALSO: Is This the Best Worst Basketball Lowlight of All Time?
 Watch the heroics unfold in the video above. BONUS: 20 Entertaining YouTube Videos Under 20 Seconds  Apples and banahoahahshas. Cuban Pete is king of the rumba beat. Just needed a little exercise. Hokey Pokey on repeat. Typical Muppet reaction. Gangnam Style + Star Wars = 11 Seconds of Awesome Pugs are pretty scary. AHHHHHHH! Gesundheit. No description needed. Fur will fly. Hoppity hop pug. Trucking, trucking...whaaa? Sometimes all you need is a few seconds of puppies. High kicks. This is why people are afraid of technology. Now you know how to say hamburger. Failed to watch for the red light. Well, that was fun. Luke tries to resist the Dark PSYde. Image courtesy of Flickr, j9sk9s An eighth grader had his Michael Jordan Game 6 moment, and while the kid didn't walk away with an NBA championship, he did end up with a pretty awesome story to share. Number 50 got the ball with only moments left in the game, and with little room to square up, he scrambled to let off the old granny shot. Did we mention this amazing basketball moment happened with the shooter's back to the net? SEE ALSO: Is This the Best Worst Basketball Lowlight of All Time?
 Watch the heroics unfold in the video above. BONUS: 20 Entertaining YouTube Videos Under 20 Seconds  Apples and banahoahahshas. Cuban Pete is king of the rumba beat. Just needed a little exercise. Hokey Pokey on repeat. Typical Muppet reaction. Gangnam Style + Star Wars = 11 Seconds of Awesome Pugs are pretty scary. AHHHHHHH! Gesundheit. No description needed. Fur will fly. Hoppity hop pug. Trucking, trucking...whaaa? Sometimes all you need is a few seconds of puppies. High kicks. This is why people are afraid of technology. Now you know how to say hamburger. Failed to watch for the red light. Well, that was fun. Luke tries to resist the Dark PSYde. Image courtesy of Flickr, j9sk9s