The cast of Oscar-nominated Silver Linings Playbook will participate Friday in a live chat streamed on Fandango at 9 p.m. ET. Four of the film's Oscar nominees will take part, including Bradley Cooper (Best Actor), Jennifer Lawrence (Best Actress), Robert De Niro (Best Supporting Actor) and Jacki Weaver (Best Supporting Actress). Best Director nominee David O. Russell as well as actors Paul Herman and Dash Mihok will also chime in. The flick earned eight total nominations. Online movie ticketer Fandango told Mashable that week-over-week Fandango ticket sales for the movie have increased 127% since Thursday's Oscars nominations event. Fandango has been trying to build up exclusive-content inventory in ways that also help promote and boost ticket sales on the same page as the content.  SEE ALSO: Full List of Nominees | Snubs | GIFs | 3 Kickstarter Films Get Nods
 In December, for example, Fandango premiered the first four minutes of upcoming zombie romance flick Warm Bodies. The video's landing page allowed people to register for a FanAlert, which will tell people when tickets will go up for sale.  Fandango will promote tickets for Silver Linings below Friday's Q&A stream. Fandango's chief correspondent Dave Karger, who hosts the site's The Frontrunners video series, will lead the chat.  Photo via Jason Merritt/Getty ImagesThe cast of Oscar-nominated Silver Linings Playbook will participate Friday in a live chat streamed on Fandango at 9 p.m. ET. Four of the film's Oscar nominees will take part, including Bradley Cooper (Best Actor), Jennifer Lawrence (Best Actress), Robert De Niro (Best Supporting Actor) and Jacki Weaver (Best Supporting Actress). Best Director nominee David O. Russell as well as actors Paul Herman and Dash Mihok will also chime in. The flick earned eight total nominations. Online movie ticketer Fandango told Mashable that week-over-week Fandango ticket sales for the movie have increased 127% since Thursday's Oscars nominations event. Fandango has been trying to build up exclusive-content inventory in ways that also help promote and boost ticket sales on the same page as the content.  SEE ALSO: Full List of Nominees | Snubs | GIFs | 3 Kickstarter Films Get Nods
 In December, for example, Fandango premiered the first four minutes of upcoming zombie romance flick Warm Bodies. The video's landing page allowed people to register for a FanAlert, which will tell people when tickets will go up for sale.  Fandango will promote tickets for Silver Linings below Friday's Q&A stream. Fandango's chief correspondent Dave Karger, who hosts the site's The Frontrunners video series, will lead the chat.  Photo via Jason Merritt/Getty Images