Global crowdfunding platform Indiegogo released statistics about its work in 2012 last week, focusing on campaigning, community and the influence of video within the past year. The stats show that on average, campaigns raised more than 2011 campaigns did, and nearly half of all campaigns received support from more than one country. Many people know of Indiegogo as the platform used for more than 100,000 cause-related, creative or entrepreneurial campaigns, including raising money for bullied bus monitor Karen Klein, victims and families of the Sikh temple shooting, Hurricane Sandy relief and a Nikola Tesla museum. SEE ALSO: Indiegogo Expands International Crowdfunding Features
 “Indiegogo empowers people all over the world to raise money for whatever they’re passionate about," Danae Ringelmann, co-founder of Indiegogo, told Mashable. "Education is a huge component of empowerment, which is why we publish our Insights series. There's no one way to have a successful campaign in 2013, but having a high "gogofactor" [the algorithm that measures campaign and community activity] means your campaign is thriving." Indiegogo regularly shares insights, tips and tricks with its users to help them create better and more successful campaigns. "It’s exciting to see that our 2012 data shows our customers are listening," Ringelmann said. Here are Indiegogo's 2012 highlights: Campaigns appear to have garnered more support in 2012, raising an average of 20% more than projects did in 2011. Successful campaigns took an average of 11 days to prepare for their launches. The most successful campaign, "Let's Build a Goddamn Tesla Museum," raised an Indiegogo record of $1,370,461 in total funding. Indiegogo campaigns also seem to have had shorter funding periods in 2012 — core campaigns ran an average of 49 days, as opposed to 60 in 2011, and successful campaigns ran for an average of 39 days. In addition to more money raised, the generosity of the Indiegogo community seems to have increased in 2012, too, with 33% of all contributed dollars deemed "altruistic" dollars (contributed in excess of perk amount or without any perk). This is compared with 23% in 2011. Surprisingly, 14% of campaigns had a single contributor refer more people to the campaign page than the campaign owner. Campaigns had an average of 1.7 team members, whereas 2011 campaigns had an average of 2.2 team members. In July 2012, co-founder Slava Rubin told Mashable that if a campaign has four or more people on its team, it will raise 70% more money than a crew of one. Through Indiegogo, 45% of campaigns received contributions from people in more than one country (57% of successful campaigns). Campaigns received an average of 42 more likes or shares on Facebook than they did in 2011. Indiegogo campaigns with videos will raise 114% more money than those without, and 64% of core campaigns included videos in 2012. Campaigns with videos less than five minutes long were 25% more likely to reach their goal than those with longer videos. The average length for a campaign video was three minutes and 27 seconds in 2012. Successful campaigns had an average video length of three minutes and 11 seconds. Core campaigns uploaded an average of six pieces of media to their galleries in 2012, as compared to five in 2011.  Indiegogo also compiled several lists of notable campaigns throughout the year: Top Campaigns: The most successful campaigns based on the "gogofactor" algorithm, including the Tesla museum, the Karen Klein campaign and BugASalt, a salt-shooting gun to kill flies. Pitch Videos: The strongest, most inspiring or funniest Indiegogo pitch videos, including Good Spread Peanut Butter, Who Gives a Crap toilet paper and the film Por las Plumas. Perks: The best tangible items given in exchange for contributions, including the BugASalt gun, an Edison bumper sticker and the 1:Face Watch. Entrepreneurial: The best in food, small business, sports and technology, including the Who Gives a Crap toilet paper, Uwingu space exploration funding and the Yellow Jacket stun gun iPhone case. Creative: The best in art, comics, dance, design, fashion, film, gaming, music, photography, theater, transmedia, video/web and writing. The list includes the Resurrect ADOM development campaign, BugASalt and a documentary about poet and activist Alice Walker. Cause-Related: The best in animals, community, education, environment, health, politics and religion. The list includes the Karen Klein campaign, Project for Awesome and rebuilding the Joplin mosque. Gadgets: The best tech gadget projects of 2012, including the Yellow Jacket stun gun iPhone case, the Pintofeed pet feeder and the BugASalt gun. Film: The best of independent film projects, including Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, the satire Dear White People and ESCAPE FIRE: The Fight to Rescue American Healthcare. Community: The most successful and most moving campaigns focusing on helping the community. The list includes the Hurricane Sandy Comfort Campaign, fighting malaria with Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps and Mosireen, an independent media collective in Cairo. Music: The best of music projects, including upgrading George Clinton's music studio, restoring the Banks House and supporting the band Selton. Gaming: The top games and video game-related projects, including the Resurrect ADOM development campaign, the game StarForge and miniature wargame Dark Potential. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, DNY59.Global crowdfunding platform Indiegogo released statistics about its work in 2012 last week, focusing on campaigning, community and the influence of video within the past year. The stats show that on average, campaigns raised more than 2011 campaigns did, and nearly half of all campaigns received support from more than one country. Many people know of Indiegogo as the platform used for more than 100,000 cause-related, creative or entrepreneurial campaigns, including raising money for bullied bus monitor Karen Klein, victims and families of the Sikh temple shooting, Hurricane Sandy relief and a Nikola Tesla museum. SEE ALSO: Indiegogo Expands International Crowdfunding Features
 “Indiegogo empowers people all over the world to raise money for whatever they’re passionate about," Danae Ringelmann, co-founder of Indiegogo, told Mashable. "Education is a huge component of empowerment, which is why we publish our Insights series. There's no one way to have a successful campaign in 2013, but having a high "gogofactor" [the algorithm that measures campaign and community activity] means your campaign is thriving." Indiegogo regularly shares insights, tips and tricks with its users to help them create better and more successful campaigns. "It’s exciting to see that our 2012 data shows our customers are listening," Ringelmann said. Here are Indiegogo's 2012 highlights: Campaigns appear to have garnered more support in 2012, raising an average of 20% more than projects did in 2011. Successful campaigns took an average of 11 days to prepare for their launches. The most successful campaign, "Let's Build a Goddamn Tesla Museum," raised an Indiegogo record of $1,370,461 in total funding. Indiegogo campaigns also seem to have had shorter funding periods in 2012 — core campaigns ran an average of 49 days, as opposed to 60 in 2011, and successful campaigns ran for an average of 39 days. In addition to more money raised, the generosity of the Indiegogo community seems to have increased in 2012, too, with 33% of all contributed dollars deemed "altruistic" dollars (contributed in excess of perk amount or without any perk). This is compared with 23% in 2011. Surprisingly, 14% of campaigns had a single contributor refer more people to the campaign page than the campaign owner. Campaigns had an average of 1.7 team members, whereas 2011 campaigns had an average of 2.2 team members. In July 2012, co-founder Slava Rubin told Mashable that if a campaign has four or more people on its team, it will raise 70% more money than a crew of one. Through Indiegogo, 45% of campaigns received contributions from people in more than one country (57% of successful campaigns). Campaigns received an average of 42 more likes or shares on Facebook than they did in 2011. Indiegogo campaigns with videos will raise 114% more money than those without, and 64% of core campaigns included videos in 2012. Campaigns with videos less than five minutes long were 25% more likely to reach their goal than those with longer videos. The average length for a campaign video was three minutes and 27 seconds in 2012. Successful campaigns had an average video length of three minutes and 11 seconds. Core campaigns uploaded an average of six pieces of media to their galleries in 2012, as compared to five in 2011.  Indiegogo also compiled several lists of notable campaigns throughout the year: Top Campaigns: The most successful campaigns based on the "gogofactor" algorithm, including the Tesla museum, the Karen Klein campaign and BugASalt, a salt-shooting gun to kill flies. Pitch Videos: The strongest, most inspiring or funniest Indiegogo pitch videos, including Good Spread Peanut Butter, Who Gives a Crap toilet paper and the film Por las Plumas. Perks: The best tangible items given in exchange for contributions, including the BugASalt gun, an Edison bumper sticker and the 1:Face Watch. Entrepreneurial: The best in food, small business, sports and technology, including the Who Gives a Crap toilet paper, Uwingu space exploration funding and the Yellow Jacket stun gun iPhone case. Creative: The best in art, comics, dance, design, fashion, film, gaming, music, photography, theater, transmedia, video/web and writing. The list includes the Resurrect ADOM development campaign, BugASalt and a documentary about poet and activist Alice Walker. Cause-Related: The best in animals, community, education, environment, health, politics and religion. The list includes the Karen Klein campaign, Project for Awesome and rebuilding the Joplin mosque. Gadgets: The best tech gadget projects of 2012, including the Yellow Jacket stun gun iPhone case, the Pintofeed pet feeder and the BugASalt gun. Film: The best of independent film projects, including Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, the satire Dear White People and ESCAPE FIRE: The Fight to Rescue American Healthcare. Community: The most successful and most moving campaigns focusing on helping the community. The list includes the Hurricane Sandy Comfort Campaign, fighting malaria with Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps and Mosireen, an independent media collective in Cairo. Music: The best of music projects, including upgrading George Clinton's music studio, restoring the Banks House and supporting the band Selton. Gaming: The top games and video game-related projects, including the Resurrect ADOM development campaign, the game StarForge and miniature wargame Dark Potential. Image courtesy of iStockphoto, DNY59.