 Eccentric pop star Kesha just released her first music video since she saw her "Die Young" song drastically losing radio airplay in December after the Newtown school shooting.  Unrelated to the radio controversy, the "C'Mon" music video shows Kesha quitting her job and jumping into a very Scooby-Doo-looking van to embark on an adventure with furries.  She teased the video's release Thursday with a tweet about the furries: ANIMALS!!! C'MON!!! get furry!!! TOMORROW!!! weeeeeeeeeee twitter.com/keshasuxx/stat… — ke$ha(@keshasuxx) January 10, 2013 "C'Mon" is ranked 65th on Billboard's Hot 100 singles charts — which tracks digital downloads and streaming stats along with radio airplays and sales. "Die Young" is 13th.  DJ Earworm: "Iï¿½ve made some changes in the song selection process this year. In efforts to better reflect the year, I have a system that draws from the weekly charts from throughout 2011 that ensures that all the late-breaking hits (such as 'We Found Love' and 'Sexy and I Know It') are included in the 2011 mix." Thumbnail image via Kesha's "C'Mon" music video Eccentric pop star Kesha just released her first music video since she saw her "Die Young" song drastically losing radio airplay in December after the Newtown school shooting.  Unrelated to the radio controversy, the "C'Mon" music video shows Kesha quitting her job and jumping into a very Scooby-Doo-looking van to embark on an adventure with furries.  She teased the video's release Thursday with a tweet about the furries: ANIMALS!!! C'MON!!! get furry!!! TOMORROW!!! weeeeeeeeeee twitter.com/keshasuxx/stat… — ke$ha(@keshasuxx) January 10, 2013 "C'Mon" is ranked 65th on Billboard's Hot 100 singles charts — which tracks digital downloads and streaming stats along with radio airplays and sales. "Die Young" is 13th.  DJ Earworm: "Iï¿½ve made some changes in the song selection process this year. In efforts to better reflect the year, I have a system that draws from the weekly charts from throughout 2011 that ensures that all the late-breaking hits (such as 'We Found Love' and 'Sexy and I Know It') are included in the 2011 mix." Thumbnail image via Kesha's "C'Mon" music video