Redditor HighlifeTTU shared a photo album with r/Minecraft on Friday that details a massive custom overhaul to the online version of the popular building game. The goal: to unify 70 servers into one enormous game space. Here's why this is kind of a big deal. Multiplayer Minecraft worlds are not served from a central location. Any player can host one, on his local machine or a dedicated server. Other players must know your server's address to join the world. Thousands of public servers are listed on community forums and other gathering places. Every server is different, depending on who's in charge — different rules, game modes, communities. Popular servers fill up, preventing others from joining. HighlifeTTU and his fellow coders have modified the server software to connect multiple worlds to a central "lobby" (pictured above). Rather than trying to connect "manually" to a list of server strings, players can jump into the lobby and join whatever world they please by walking through a portal. This could prevent overcrowding in popular servers and allow players to move seamlessly between them. There's definitely a big convenience factor there, but more compelling is the gameplay potential. World builders could theoretically connect multiple maps together (an "overworld" map leads to a "town" map or a "dungeon" map through server portals), uniting thousands of players in a much larger "universe" — essentially, a Minecraft massively multiplayer online game (MMO), akin to World of Warcraft and EVE Online. Mojang, the indie studio behind the wildly successful game, has always encouraged player-made modifications ("mods"), even incorporating some into the official product. It will be interesting to see where a server infrastructure project like this goes. It's all rather technical, so check out the Imgur gallery for a granular breakdown of how the server unification works, and the original mods it's built on. Image courtesy reddit, HighlifeTTURedditor HighlifeTTU shared a photo album with r/Minecraft on Friday that details a massive custom overhaul to the online version of the popular building game. The goal: to unify 70 servers into one enormous game space. Here's why this is kind of a big deal. Multiplayer Minecraft worlds are not served from a central location. Any player can host one, on his local machine or a dedicated server. Other players must know your server's address to join the world. Thousands of public servers are listed on community forums and other gathering places. Every server is different, depending on who's in charge — different rules, game modes, communities. Popular servers fill up, preventing others from joining. HighlifeTTU and his fellow coders have modified the server software to connect multiple worlds to a central "lobby" (pictured above). Rather than trying to connect "manually" to a list of server strings, players can jump into the lobby and join whatever world they please by walking through a portal. This could prevent overcrowding in popular servers and allow players to move seamlessly between them. There's definitely a big convenience factor there, but more compelling is the gameplay potential. World builders could theoretically connect multiple maps together (an "overworld" map leads to a "town" map or a "dungeon" map through server portals), uniting thousands of players in a much larger "universe" — essentially, a Minecraft massively multiplayer online game (MMO), akin to World of Warcraft and EVE Online. Mojang, the indie studio behind the wildly successful game, has always encouraged player-made modifications ("mods"), even incorporating some into the official product. It will be interesting to see where a server infrastructure project like this goes. It's all rather technical, so check out the Imgur gallery for a granular breakdown of how the server unification works, and the original mods it's built on. Image courtesy reddit, HighlifeTTU