Music controls on Pebble are intuitive and easy to use. Scrolling through email is as simple as pressing the down button on the side of the watch. Pebble has a number of unique watch faces available. This Fuzzy Time watch face spells the time out for you.  You can select between a number of watch faces, including this clock face. The Pebble is charged using a magnetic charger similar to the magnetic power connectors on MacBooks. There are a number of different colored Pebble watch faces and bands, including an all white and all black model The Kickstarter edition of the watch has "Kickstarter Editon" on the back of the watch face. LAS VEGAS –- Pebble, the company that raised almost 8 million to create an e-ink smart watch, announced at CES this week that it will start shipping the watch to its Kickstarter backers on Jan. 23. We caught up with Pebble’s creator, Eric Migicovsky, at the show to give the smart watch a try. Migicovsky told us that Pebble chose CES to make the shipment announcement because a tremendous percentage of the project’s backers would be in attendance.  Though absent from the show floor, Pebble had a suite at the Venetian Hotel set up, and it invited Kickstarter backers to stop by and give the watch a spin. It’s going to take the company six to eight weeks to get units out to everyone who took part in funding via Kickstarter. That means that while some backers will have watches in late January, others will be waiting until almost April. CES was show full of smart watches made by a number of different companies. The most notable examples include Italian-born I’m watch and, another Kickstarter project, Martian.  Pebble is the only smart watch out there using an e-ink display. Having handled the competition this week, I can say that it’s a ton lighter than the other options, something you’re definitely going to appreciate when it comes to wearing it on your wrist all day. Power is going to be another area where the Pebble stands out. Migicovsky says that the Pebble can keep kicking for seven days on a single charge, with the watch only needing a few hours to charge up completely.  Pebble charges using a unique magnetic charger that snaps onto the watch's side, a bit different than its competition, which charges using microUSB. As far as apps are concerned, Pebble currently only has custom watch faces. However, it's expected to have a number of apps soon. Notably, RunKeeper announced that it would be available on the watch earlier this year. The screen on Pebble is not controlled by touch, but is instead navigated using the buttons on the side of the device. The button on the right side of the watch serves as a back button, with up, enter and down buttons positioned on the left side of the watch face. Navigating through menus was a breeze, and I was able to accept a call, text, and read email pretty effectively as well. So, are smart watches ready for prime time? It certainly looks like Pebble is. We’re going to have one of Pebble’s smart watches in our office soon. Stay tuned for a full review in the coming weeks. What do you think of Pebble’s smart watch? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.Music controls on Pebble are intuitive and easy to use. Scrolling through email is as simple as pressing the down button on the side of the watch. Pebble has a number of unique watch faces available. This Fuzzy Time watch face spells the time out for you.  You can select between a number of watch faces, including this clock face. The Pebble is charged using a magnetic charger similar to the magnetic power connectors on MacBooks. There are a number of different colored Pebble watch faces and bands, including an all white and all black model The Kickstarter edition of the watch has "Kickstarter Editon" on the back of the watch face. LAS VEGAS –- Pebble, the company that raised almost 8 million to create an e-ink smart watch, announced at CES this week that it will start shipping the watch to its Kickstarter backers on Jan. 23. We caught up with Pebble’s creator, Eric Migicovsky, at the show to give the smart watch a try. Migicovsky told us that Pebble chose CES to make the shipment announcement because a tremendous percentage of the project’s backers would be in attendance.  Though absent from the show floor, Pebble had a suite at the Venetian Hotel set up, and it invited Kickstarter backers to stop by and give the watch a spin. It’s going to take the company six to eight weeks to get units out to everyone who took part in funding via Kickstarter. That means that while some backers will have watches in late January, others will be waiting until almost April. CES was show full of smart watches made by a number of different companies. The most notable examples include Italian-born I’m watch and, another Kickstarter project, Martian.  Pebble is the only smart watch out there using an e-ink display. Having handled the competition this week, I can say that it’s a ton lighter than the other options, something you’re definitely going to appreciate when it comes to wearing it on your wrist all day. Power is going to be another area where the Pebble stands out. Migicovsky says that the Pebble can keep kicking for seven days on a single charge, with the watch only needing a few hours to charge up completely.  Pebble charges using a unique magnetic charger that snaps onto the watch's side, a bit different than its competition, which charges using microUSB. As far as apps are concerned, Pebble currently only has custom watch faces. However, it's expected to have a number of apps soon. Notably, RunKeeper announced that it would be available on the watch earlier this year. The screen on Pebble is not controlled by touch, but is instead navigated using the buttons on the side of the device. The button on the right side of the watch serves as a back button, with up, enter and down buttons positioned on the left side of the watch face. Navigating through menus was a breeze, and I was able to accept a call, text, and read email pretty effectively as well. So, are smart watches ready for prime time? It certainly looks like Pebble is. We’re going to have one of Pebble’s smart watches in our office soon. Stay tuned for a full review in the coming weeks. What do you think of Pebble’s smart watch? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here.