Project Shield will be one of the first devices to pack Nvidia's Tegra 4 processor. Designed to be both a standalone Android gaming device as well as a bridge for your PC games, the Shield is due to launch in the spring. LAS VEGAS — One of the big surprises of CES 2013 was Project Shield, a handheld game controller that Nvidia unveiled in dramatic fashion earlier this week. We got a little hands-on time with a pre-production model of the device, which the company hopes to transform into a full-fledged gaming platform, while at the show. The Shield certainly seems to have the goods to do what Nvidia promises. Powered by the just-officially-unveiled Tegra 4 processor, it ably handled some taxing Android games and relayed graphics-intensive PC games to an HDTV with just a couple of button pushes. Picking it up for the first time, I could tell Project Shield was something special. It feels solid in the hand, although heavier than your average Xbox controller. Gameplay buttons are where you expect them, and the array in the middle, which includes the big button that toggles between Android and your PC/media hub, is clearly labeled. When I flipped open the lid to reveal the 5-inch 720p touch screen, the display came on almost instantly. It's eye-poppingly bright and sharp, exactly what I'd expect from an OLED display. Gameplay screens look good, but for the kinds of games the Shield was made to play — graphics-intensive titles with lots of action — it feels a little small. Good thing, then, that the Shield can mirror the action to a big screen easily, either via wired or wireless (dual band, 2x2 MIMO) connection. Nvidia only had a wired connection available, so naturally the game played flawlessly, with no lag that I could detect.  The real test was seeing how Project Shield handled moving PC content to a TV. Toggling to the PC/media gateway, I cued up Hawken. Here's where the Shield works as a kind of relay, starting up and then pulling the content from the PC and rendering it both on the Shield's screen and the TV. It's said to support resolutions up to 4K. The linkup worked fine, although it required some creative button pushing to finish starting up the game. PC games don't all necessarily start in the same way, so Nvidia may need to polish this slightly before general release. Once Hawken was running, however, everything was smooth. Shield seemed to relay every pixel of the graphics-intensive game with ease. It didn't even get warm. Would it have if the graphics were 4K and I played for hours instead of minutes? Probably. But the fact that there's a device that can even move that many pixels among three devices, wired or wireless, is astonishing. Based on my time with Project Shield, I think the gaming crowd will be pleased. It adds tactile controls to Android games and opens a whole new dimension to anything on a PC. And let's not forget that it's also a Jelly Bean-powered Android device, so you have email, web browsing and apps when you want them. I think there's little question Project Shield will be on many gamers' wish lists when it becomes available (planned for the spring). The big question now is how much Nvidia will charge for it. You tell us: How much would you pay for Project Shield? Let us know in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. Photos by Pete Pachal, MashableProject Shield will be one of the first devices to pack Nvidia's Tegra 4 processor. Designed to be both a standalone Android gaming device as well as a bridge for your PC games, the Shield is due to launch in the spring. LAS VEGAS — One of the big surprises of CES 2013 was Project Shield, a handheld game controller that Nvidia unveiled in dramatic fashion earlier this week. We got a little hands-on time with a pre-production model of the device, which the company hopes to transform into a full-fledged gaming platform, while at the show. The Shield certainly seems to have the goods to do what Nvidia promises. Powered by the just-officially-unveiled Tegra 4 processor, it ably handled some taxing Android games and relayed graphics-intensive PC games to an HDTV with just a couple of button pushes. Picking it up for the first time, I could tell Project Shield was something special. It feels solid in the hand, although heavier than your average Xbox controller. Gameplay buttons are where you expect them, and the array in the middle, which includes the big button that toggles between Android and your PC/media hub, is clearly labeled. When I flipped open the lid to reveal the 5-inch 720p touch screen, the display came on almost instantly. It's eye-poppingly bright and sharp, exactly what I'd expect from an OLED display. Gameplay screens look good, but for the kinds of games the Shield was made to play — graphics-intensive titles with lots of action — it feels a little small. Good thing, then, that the Shield can mirror the action to a big screen easily, either via wired or wireless (dual band, 2x2 MIMO) connection. Nvidia only had a wired connection available, so naturally the game played flawlessly, with no lag that I could detect.  The real test was seeing how Project Shield handled moving PC content to a TV. Toggling to the PC/media gateway, I cued up Hawken. Here's where the Shield works as a kind of relay, starting up and then pulling the content from the PC and rendering it both on the Shield's screen and the TV. It's said to support resolutions up to 4K. The linkup worked fine, although it required some creative button pushing to finish starting up the game. PC games don't all necessarily start in the same way, so Nvidia may need to polish this slightly before general release. Once Hawken was running, however, everything was smooth. Shield seemed to relay every pixel of the graphics-intensive game with ease. It didn't even get warm. Would it have if the graphics were 4K and I played for hours instead of minutes? Probably. But the fact that there's a device that can even move that many pixels among three devices, wired or wireless, is astonishing. Based on my time with Project Shield, I think the gaming crowd will be pleased. It adds tactile controls to Android games and opens a whole new dimension to anything on a PC. And let's not forget that it's also a Jelly Bean-powered Android device, so you have email, web browsing and apps when you want them. I think there's little question Project Shield will be on many gamers' wish lists when it becomes available (planned for the spring). The big question now is how much Nvidia will charge for it. You tell us: How much would you pay for Project Shield? Let us know in the comments. Powerful yet fun DIY robotics for adults and children. This update moves the control/interactions to your favorite mobile devices. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the Lego Mindstorms EV3 here. Two people watching two different shows -- full screen -- on one TV while they sit next to each other sounds silly, but you can't help but be wowed by the innovative technology. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Samsung's Dual-View OLED TV here. Super-small 3D sensor could change more than just gaming. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about the PrimeSense Capri here. Who doesn't want to listen to music in the shower? Now you can get high-quality sound without worrying about water ruining the experience or your gadget. Read more about Sony's Waterproof Walkman here. Display technology of the future, today. -- Lance Ulanoff, Mashable Editor-in-Chief Read more about Sharp's IGZO displays here. Sounds gimmicky, but it's a great product. The UI is top-notch and the games are really cool. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. Very powerful Android game controller. Potentially the future of mobile gaming. Plus it looks great. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Nvidia Project Shield here. For people who do serious photo and graphics work, there's really nothing better. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Panasonic 4K Tablet. Light, adaptable and so low-power you can get 13 hours of battery life. Now just make it real. -- Pete Pachal, Mashable Tech Editor You can read more about the Lenovo IdeaCentre Horizon here. It might take a while to gain momentum, but this is an innovative way to bring health care to those who don't have access nearby. It also makes quick visits to the doctor more convenient and less of a time suck. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about HealthSpot here. No more speaker docks into the drawer of old tech when Apple updates a product. The IDAPT S2 speaker system has two docking options which can easily be swapped out and updated as your iPhone or Android phone evolves. -- Andrea Smith, Lifestyle Editor Read more about the IDAPT S2 Speaker Dock here. Our TVs are becoming more and more like our computers. I love that Samsung is helping you upgrade your television to stay current. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Samsung's new SmartTV experience here. The demos of Qualcomm's new chip are mind-blowing. Can't wait to see this start appearing in consumer devices. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 800 series chips here. I love that IBitz gamifies physical activity. The ability for kids to "earn" texting/TV privileges through going outside and playing is genius. -- Emily Price, Technology Reporter Read more about iBitz here. Long gone are the days where USB flash drives were a few megabytes. The Kingston is the world's first 1TB USB 3.0 flash drive and it's as impressive as it sounds. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Kingston's 1TB Flash Drive here. The FitBit is more than just a fitness tracker, now it watches you while you sleep -- well, sort of. The wearable wristband can now track you throughout the day and you can set fitness goals too. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about the FitBit Flex here. By placing your mobile device on top of this speaker, it magically amplifies sound with great quality. Plus, it looks so neat and cozy resting on top of its new home. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about BoostPlus here. Monster is partnering with gaming developer EA Sports to kick it off right. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Monster's EA Headphones here. The new 6.1 inch-Ascend Mate is large and in charge -- the largest we've seen, in fact. Too large? Maybe. But it's easy to hold and makes you forget just how jumbo it is. -- Samantha Murphy, Technology Reporter Read more about Huawei's Ascend Mate here. Photos by Pete Pachal, Mashable