 Sometimes we all just need a mentor, a guiding spirit or a cheering squad to get us through those tough moments.  And while this puppy is having a mega-crisis of sorts trying to conquer his fear of the stairs, this other, bigger dog steps in as quite the shoulder to lean on.  SEE ALSO: Puppy Acts as Seeing Eye Dog for Another Pooch in Touching Video
 It's simple — this paw first, this paw second, trot along, then everyone cheers. See? Now follow me.  Teamwork has never been cuter.  BONUS: 10 Adorable Animals Feeding Other Animals This takes the "dogs eating pasta" concept a step further. "We wondered why Molly the dog is getting fat when we so carefully monitor what she eats," says the author of this clip. "Then we discovered she has a partner in crime." How perfectly well-behaved is this angelic dog? We're not sure the chimp's mind is entirely on the task at hand, but it's cute nonetheless.  This bird ain't scared of its big siblings.  Charlie likes feeding the dog.  A swan looks out for its fish buddies.  Technically these dogs are feeding sheep, whether they know that or not is unclear.  This cat's owner couldn't work out why the lid to the dog's cookie jar was always off when they returned home. Mystery solved.  Finally, we've got a dog offering a cookie to a sad baby. You're welcome! Photo via  iStockphoto, Photogal.  Sometimes we all just need a mentor, a guiding spirit or a cheering squad to get us through those tough moments.  And while this puppy is having a mega-crisis of sorts trying to conquer his fear of the stairs, this other, bigger dog steps in as quite the shoulder to lean on.  SEE ALSO: Puppy Acts as Seeing Eye Dog for Another Pooch in Touching Video
 It's simple — this paw first, this paw second, trot along, then everyone cheers. See? Now follow me.  Teamwork has never been cuter.  BONUS: 10 Adorable Animals Feeding Other Animals This takes the "dogs eating pasta" concept a step further. "We wondered why Molly the dog is getting fat when we so carefully monitor what she eats," says the author of this clip. "Then we discovered she has a partner in crime." How perfectly well-behaved is this angelic dog? We're not sure the chimp's mind is entirely on the task at hand, but it's cute nonetheless.  This bird ain't scared of its big siblings.  Charlie likes feeding the dog.  A swan looks out for its fish buddies.  Technically these dogs are feeding sheep, whether they know that or not is unclear.  This cat's owner couldn't work out why the lid to the dog's cookie jar was always off when they returned home. Mystery solved.  Finally, we've got a dog offering a cookie to a sad baby. You're welcome! Photo via  iStockphoto, Photogal. 