Snooki models bow-inspired headphones. Snooki says she wanted her headphones line to be fun and fashionable. Snooki also launched assorted accessories, including a shoe-shaped, bedazzled phone. Snooki says she is a big fan of social media, especially Twitter and Instagram. LAS VEGAS — Say what you want about Snooki, but she attracted among the most hype and commotion at 2013 International CES conference this week while promoting the launch of her new headphones line. Based on the amount of buzz around her arrival, you'd never guess President Bill Clinton had spoken nearby to attendees just a few hours earlier.  Swarms of people flocked on Wednesday to see the tiny reality TV star model on the show floor her sparkled and cheetah-printed headphones and quirky tech accessories, including earbuds that look like earrings. Called Snooki Couture by Nicole Polizzi, which is manufactured by iHip, she says she wants to bring funky clip-on fashion to the audio industry. "My line features accessories you can clip on to headphones, so you can change them as much as you want," Polizzi told Mashable. "I wanted my headphones to be like me — fun and fashionable — and something I would definitely wear. I love bows, feathers and cheetah print, so I made sure to include them." Snooki, who says she was very involved in the design process, joins a long line of celebrities who introduced headphones and earbuds at the tech conference this year, including Tim Tebow, Nick Cannon and Ro Marley Not to mention New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees is the new brand ambassador for a pair of Monster earbuds.  SEE ALSO: Tim Tebow Launches Headphones, Including 'Jet' Model
 The celebrity-headphone trend has been fueled by the popularity of Beats by Dr. Dre headphones over the years. Monster, the first company behind the Beats product, said earlier this week that clip-on headbands for headphones are something it's already working on for the future. (Is Snooki on to a larger trend?) The company showed prototypes of spiked and feathered headbands during its new product launch event on Monday.  Although Snooki may have wrapped the final season of The Jersey Shore, she can still be heard quite often online, thanks to her very active social media presence: "I absolutely love social media," she said. "During Hurricane Sandy, we were without electricity for a week and I couldn't tweet, Instagram or do anything. I wanted to kill myself; it was so awful." Snooki said becoming a new mom has made her more of "an Instagram freak" in recent weeks: "I take way more pictures of my son Lorenzo than I do myself now," she said. "I love it." Images via Mashable "It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets," said Tebow.Snooki models bow-inspired headphones. Snooki says she wanted her headphones line to be fun and fashionable. Snooki also launched assorted accessories, including a shoe-shaped, bedazzled phone. Snooki says she is a big fan of social media, especially Twitter and Instagram. LAS VEGAS — Say what you want about Snooki, but she attracted among the most hype and commotion at 2013 International CES conference this week while promoting the launch of her new headphones line. Based on the amount of buzz around her arrival, you'd never guess President Bill Clinton had spoken nearby to attendees just a few hours earlier.  Swarms of people flocked on Wednesday to see the tiny reality TV star model on the show floor her sparkled and cheetah-printed headphones and quirky tech accessories, including earbuds that look like earrings. Called Snooki Couture by Nicole Polizzi, which is manufactured by iHip, she says she wants to bring funky clip-on fashion to the audio industry. "My line features accessories you can clip on to headphones, so you can change them as much as you want," Polizzi told Mashable. "I wanted my headphones to be like me — fun and fashionable — and something I would definitely wear. I love bows, feathers and cheetah print, so I made sure to include them." Snooki, who says she was very involved in the design process, joins a long line of celebrities who introduced headphones and earbuds at the tech conference this year, including Tim Tebow, Nick Cannon and Ro Marley Not to mention New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees is the new brand ambassador for a pair of Monster earbuds.  SEE ALSO: Tim Tebow Launches Headphones, Including 'Jet' Model
 The celebrity-headphone trend has been fueled by the popularity of Beats by Dr. Dre headphones over the years. Monster, the first company behind the Beats product, said earlier this week that clip-on headbands for headphones are something it's already working on for the future. (Is Snooki on to a larger trend?) The company showed prototypes of spiked and feathered headbands during its new product launch event on Monday.  Although Snooki may have wrapped the final season of The Jersey Shore, she can still be heard quite often online, thanks to her very active social media presence: "I absolutely love social media," she said. "During Hurricane Sandy, we were without electricity for a week and I couldn't tweet, Instagram or do anything. I wanted to kill myself; it was so awful." Snooki said becoming a new mom has made her more of "an Instagram freak" in recent weeks: "I take way more pictures of my son Lorenzo than I do myself now," she said. "I love it." Images via Mashable "It's also called the Jet because it's the executive line for people who fly across the country ... and are flying in jets," said Tebow.