LAS VEGAS — The world's first-ever smart hunting rifle will help users never again miss their targets. With video streaming technology, an integrated wireless hot spot and even an app, the TrackingPoint rifle was on display at the 2013 International CES conference this week. It's billed as the most accurate long-range shooting system in the world, and its mission is to give both amateur and expert hunters real-time data to shoot with precision.  The rifle will be available for purchase in the near future, but no date was specified at the conference. The launch is untimely in light of recent gun-related tragedies and it's unclear whether this will affect the product's public reception. The firearm — which is priced at $20,000 and comes with an iPad mini — displays for shooters a video-game-like map of a prey's location, based on imagery transmitted back from the rifle's scope. The software recognizes the animal the hunter is aiming at and paints a target on it. The hunter lines up the virtual cross hairs line up with the target. However, if the rifle's aim doesn't match the painted location, shooting capabilities will lock. The software also provides data on wind, temperature and distance to target.  "We want to teach people about ethical shooting," a spokesperson told Mashable. "Some people playing hunting-inspired video games will want to shoot animals in the butt, but that is not the way you hit a target and it also causes suffering for the animal. The app and the rifle won't let you do that." SEE ALSO: Facebook Charging $100 to Message Mark Zuckerberg
 The accompanying iPad Mini and the TrackingPoint app (iOS) are intended for those who hunt in pairs. For example, one person could hold the tablet and reference the app's data and video streaming feed to help the other calibrate the rifle. When shooting alone, a hunter can use a heads-up display in the scope and see the same geo-location data. When not hunting, the app can still be used as a teaching tool and a game.  Images via Mashable The drink louge at CES Unveiled was a welcome surprise for the press.  A ceiling of laptops on the showroom floor The irony here was that the iPad in front of his face rendered this man blind, meaning there was another man leading him by the arm telling him where to stand and stop. Tech Editor Pete Pachal and Lifestyle Editor Andrea Smith had a sit-down with Ro Marley about his line of headphones and accessories. We broadcast the talk on Google+, allowing fans to interact with Marley and Mashable! We got to try out this brain-powered bot and we're quite impressed. Mashable reporter Samantha Murphy talks with Snooki about her new line of headphones. This LEGO iPhone case will make you geek-out. We caught up with Danny Devito after a Panasonic event. These iPhone cases are framed as art. During a SONY press preview, the screen on their brand-new OLED display shut down. Oops.  Best. Dress. Ever.  In this shot, Tim Tebow reacts to his the SOUL headphones spokesperson stating that they might change the name of the 'Jet' headphones soon. Mashable's Community Manager, Meghan Peters stands in front of CES on Day 1 Bill Clinton reminded the audience not to take tech for granted. Our tech reporter Samantha Murphy, decided to launch a protest in the TAXI line at the end of Day 2.  We got a look at Hisense 110-inch 4K TV What a view! We toured the iHome lounge, full of special treats for geeks.  Virtual visits to the doctor are possible with this MobileHealthSpot Editor in-chief Lance Ulanoff wears a pair of goggles from PSiO that are "supposed to help me 'let go of my mind' and relax." Lance Ulanoff tweets, "Team Mashable is getting delerious. #2013CES #LongDay #slapsticky" When reporter Emily Price tweeted this photo with the caption "Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives" it sparked a wave of controversy and over 700 retweets. The CEA says the term "Booth Babes" is the problem.LAS VEGAS — The world's first-ever smart hunting rifle will help users never again miss their targets. With video streaming technology, an integrated wireless hot spot and even an app, the TrackingPoint rifle was on display at the 2013 International CES conference this week. It's billed as the most accurate long-range shooting system in the world, and its mission is to give both amateur and expert hunters real-time data to shoot with precision.  The rifle will be available for purchase in the near future, but no date was specified at the conference. The launch is untimely in light of recent gun-related tragedies and it's unclear whether this will affect the product's public reception. The firearm — which is priced at $20,000 and comes with an iPad mini — displays for shooters a video-game-like map of a prey's location, based on imagery transmitted back from the rifle's scope. The software recognizes the animal the hunter is aiming at and paints a target on it. The hunter lines up the virtual cross hairs line up with the target. However, if the rifle's aim doesn't match the painted location, shooting capabilities will lock. The software also provides data on wind, temperature and distance to target.  "We want to teach people about ethical shooting," a spokesperson told Mashable. "Some people playing hunting-inspired video games will want to shoot animals in the butt, but that is not the way you hit a target and it also causes suffering for the animal. The app and the rifle won't let you do that." SEE ALSO: Facebook Charging $100 to Message Mark Zuckerberg
 The accompanying iPad Mini and the TrackingPoint app (iOS) are intended for those who hunt in pairs. For example, one person could hold the tablet and reference the app's data and video streaming feed to help the other calibrate the rifle. When shooting alone, a hunter can use a heads-up display in the scope and see the same geo-location data. When not hunting, the app can still be used as a teaching tool and a game.  Images via Mashable The drink louge at CES Unveiled was a welcome surprise for the press.  A ceiling of laptops on the showroom floor The irony here was that the iPad in front of his face rendered this man blind, meaning there was another man leading him by the arm telling him where to stand and stop. Tech Editor Pete Pachal and Lifestyle Editor Andrea Smith had a sit-down with Ro Marley about his line of headphones and accessories. We broadcast the talk on Google+, allowing fans to interact with Marley and Mashable! We got to try out this brain-powered bot and we're quite impressed. Mashable reporter Samantha Murphy talks with Snooki about her new line of headphones. This LEGO iPhone case will make you geek-out. We caught up with Danny Devito after a Panasonic event. These iPhone cases are framed as art. During a SONY press preview, the screen on their brand-new OLED display shut down. Oops.  Best. Dress. Ever.  In this shot, Tim Tebow reacts to his the SOUL headphones spokesperson stating that they might change the name of the 'Jet' headphones soon. Mashable's Community Manager, Meghan Peters stands in front of CES on Day 1 Bill Clinton reminded the audience not to take tech for granted. Our tech reporter Samantha Murphy, decided to launch a protest in the TAXI line at the end of Day 2.  We got a look at Hisense 110-inch 4K TV What a view! We toured the iHome lounge, full of special treats for geeks.  Virtual visits to the doctor are possible with this MobileHealthSpot Editor in-chief Lance Ulanoff wears a pair of goggles from PSiO that are "supposed to help me 'let go of my mind' and relax." Lance Ulanoff tweets, "Team Mashable is getting delerious. #2013CES #LongDay #slapsticky" When reporter Emily Price tweeted this photo with the caption "Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives" it sparked a wave of controversy and over 700 retweets. The CEA says the term "Booth Babes" is the problem.