 LAS VEGAS — 3D hasn’t quite lived up to the hype: We’re not all sitting in our living rooms, wearing special glasses and marveling at the soccer ball some player just kicked in our face. That doesn't mean, however, there's nothing useful for 3D to do. Companies like Leonar3Do are using passive 3D technology to build education products that put teachers and students inside the design process. It introduced its latest product, Vimensio, here at CES 2013. The virtual reality company's still-in-beta 3D educational system is actually comprised of multiple parts: the content and app-building environment Edit and Vimensio Play, where you interact with the virtual 3D app environment. What makes the platform cool, however, is the hardware. Known as "Bird" this 3D mouse lets you interact with the virtual world (as long as you’re wearing the passive 3D glasses). The spikey-looking, hand-held mouse (which looks nothing like a mouse) includes haptic feedback, which means it vibrates when you move over a virtual object or barrier. To use it, you hold the Bird in the air and move it around. Sensors affixed to the edge of the screen pick up the Bird's location and orientation in space. I gave it a test drive and found that, with a little practice, I was able to use the Bird to manipulate  and look around a 3D Jeep. The complete package costs $499. "Leonar3Do's vision has always been to breakout of the antiquated 2D mold and drive design innovation to empower how people can visualize, create and innovate their ideas they've imagined but in real, 3D space," said Roland Manyai, Leonar3Do's business development and marketing director, in a release announcing the product. The company also told me it's working on an app that can turn your smartphone into a 3D mouse. Check out the video for my hands-on tour. Photo by Mashable LAS VEGAS — 3D hasn’t quite lived up to the hype: We’re not all sitting in our living rooms, wearing special glasses and marveling at the soccer ball some player just kicked in our face. That doesn't mean, however, there's nothing useful for 3D to do. Companies like Leonar3Do are using passive 3D technology to build education products that put teachers and students inside the design process. It introduced its latest product, Vimensio, here at CES 2013. The virtual reality company's still-in-beta 3D educational system is actually comprised of multiple parts: the content and app-building environment Edit and Vimensio Play, where you interact with the virtual 3D app environment. What makes the platform cool, however, is the hardware. Known as "Bird" this 3D mouse lets you interact with the virtual world (as long as you’re wearing the passive 3D glasses). The spikey-looking, hand-held mouse (which looks nothing like a mouse) includes haptic feedback, which means it vibrates when you move over a virtual object or barrier. To use it, you hold the Bird in the air and move it around. Sensors affixed to the edge of the screen pick up the Bird's location and orientation in space. I gave it a test drive and found that, with a little practice, I was able to use the Bird to manipulate  and look around a 3D Jeep. The complete package costs $499. "Leonar3Do's vision has always been to breakout of the antiquated 2D mold and drive design innovation to empower how people can visualize, create and innovate their ideas they've imagined but in real, 3D space," said Roland Manyai, Leonar3Do's business development and marketing director, in a release announcing the product. The company also told me it's working on an app that can turn your smartphone into a 3D mouse. Check out the video for my hands-on tour. Photo by Mashable