There's been some confusion around the rumors indicating that Apple is considering a cheaper version of the iPhone. As of today, no one really knows what's going on. So much so that even Reuters misfired, pulling a story based on comments made by Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller to a Chinese daily that appeared to debunk the rumors.  As it turns out, Schiller didn't really mean it. Or, at least, he was misquoted. On Thursday, the Shanghai Evening News ran a story with the headline: "Apple will not push a cheaper smartphone for the sake of market share." The piece then quoted Schiller saying Apple would not launch a cheap iPhone just for the sake of expanding its market share.  But yesterday, as reported by Reuters, the Chinese daily published a new story removing the headline and all references to cheap smartphones.  The new version leaves a door open for a low-end version of the popular Apple phone: "Apple wants to provide the best products, will not blindly pursue market share." The daily also added a new quote from Schiller: "Apple has always focused on providing the best products for its consumers, we’ve never blindly chased market share." SEE ALSO:  Cheaper iPhone Would Cost $99 to $149, Report Says
 Even if this doesn't completely clear up all the confusion around these rumors — there will always be uncertainty with a new Apple product until the official launch — it does provide some insights. The Shangai Evening News evidently misquoted or at least put Schiller's words out of context. His words seem to indicate that he wasn't specifically trying to deny the possibility of a new, cheaper iPhone, but just state that whatever Apple does, it always looks for quality over price and market share. There's nothing that hints there won't be an iPhone mini, or whatever its name will be.  The original article already raised eyebrows, as it contradicted reports by Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal that indicated that a cheaper iPhone was in the works.  Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty ImagesThere's been some confusion around the rumors indicating that Apple is considering a cheaper version of the iPhone. As of today, no one really knows what's going on. So much so that even Reuters misfired, pulling a story based on comments made by Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller to a Chinese daily that appeared to debunk the rumors.  As it turns out, Schiller didn't really mean it. Or, at least, he was misquoted. On Thursday, the Shanghai Evening News ran a story with the headline: "Apple will not push a cheaper smartphone for the sake of market share." The piece then quoted Schiller saying Apple would not launch a cheap iPhone just for the sake of expanding its market share.  But yesterday, as reported by Reuters, the Chinese daily published a new story removing the headline and all references to cheap smartphones.  The new version leaves a door open for a low-end version of the popular Apple phone: "Apple wants to provide the best products, will not blindly pursue market share." The daily also added a new quote from Schiller: "Apple has always focused on providing the best products for its consumers, we’ve never blindly chased market share." SEE ALSO:  Cheaper iPhone Would Cost $99 to $149, Report Says
 Even if this doesn't completely clear up all the confusion around these rumors — there will always be uncertainty with a new Apple product until the official launch — it does provide some insights. The Shangai Evening News evidently misquoted or at least put Schiller's words out of context. His words seem to indicate that he wasn't specifically trying to deny the possibility of a new, cheaper iPhone, but just state that whatever Apple does, it always looks for quality over price and market share. There's nothing that hints there won't be an iPhone mini, or whatever its name will be.  The original article already raised eyebrows, as it contradicted reports by Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal that indicated that a cheaper iPhone was in the works.  Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images