iHome's new line of licensed Disney accessories includes these sparkled Minnie Mouse headphones. iHome's Minnie Mouse earbuds also have a touch of bling. Minnie Mouse Bluetooth speakers from iHome. These iPhone cases from Sunita Telecom Co. feature Swarovski crystals. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. Reality star Snooki has her own line of headphones and accessories, including this blinged-out shoe phone. This iPad case from Deos features a rhinestone-clustered kiss. Earbuds by Deos feature faux diamonds on the base. Bling My Thing features a DIY iPhone case, which allows you to create patterns and designs by inserting tiny gems. Bling World's iPhone charger touts colorful and cheetah-inspired designs. The Bling World also features a collection of headphones. This vibrant computer mouse from The Bling World would liven up any work space. LAS VEGAS — Tech companies brought their best new products to 2013 International CES last week, and one way for them to stand out in an endless sea of accessories was to bring the bling. We're talking a plethora of sparkles, sequins and diamonds. And believe us, there was plenty to go around. SEE ALSO: Things Get Weird and Wacky at CES 2013's International Pavilion
 From rhinestone-studded Minnie Mouse headphones to bejeweled iPhone cases, here's a look at what glistened on the show floor. What do you think of the trend? Let us know in the comments below. Photos by MashableiHome's new line of licensed Disney accessories includes these sparkled Minnie Mouse headphones. iHome's Minnie Mouse earbuds also have a touch of bling. Minnie Mouse Bluetooth speakers from iHome. These iPhone cases from Sunita Telecom Co. feature Swarovski crystals. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. Reality star Snooki has her own line of headphones and accessories, including this blinged-out shoe phone. This iPad case from Deos features a rhinestone-clustered kiss. Earbuds by Deos feature faux diamonds on the base. Bling My Thing features a DIY iPhone case, which allows you to create patterns and designs by inserting tiny gems. Bling World's iPhone charger touts colorful and cheetah-inspired designs. The Bling World also features a collection of headphones. This vibrant computer mouse from The Bling World would liven up any work space. LAS VEGAS — Tech companies brought their best new products to 2013 International CES last week, and one way for them to stand out in an endless sea of accessories was to bring the bling. We're talking a plethora of sparkles, sequins and diamonds. And believe us, there was plenty to go around. SEE ALSO: Things Get Weird and Wacky at CES 2013's International Pavilion
 From rhinestone-studded Minnie Mouse headphones to bejeweled iPhone cases, here's a look at what glistened on the show floor. What do you think of the trend? Let us know in the comments below. Photos by Mashable