The NFL playoffs are back this weekend with four thrilling divisional matchups, and the U.S. is abuzz, waiting to see who's going to survive these games and advance to the conference championships. Now, thanks to a powerful new tool, you'll be able to see what everyone's talking about before, during and after the big games.  A collaboration between Facebook and CBS Sports and powered by Mass Relevance, the Facebook Football Insights on CBS Sports gives you a detailed look at which teams and players are dominating the chatter on Facebook.  An interactive map of the United States allows you to see which NFL teams receive more mentions in each state. And the numbers can be filtered by gender and age.  There's also a demographic breakdown that shows the most popular teams based on age segments and a graph displaying the teams that are trending over time.  Overall, in the last week, the Green Bay Packers are the most popular team on Facebook, with 1,228,530 mentions. Interestingly, their dominance comes mostly from female fans. The Packers are the most-mentioned team in all female age segments, but they only top the 45-54 and 55+-year-old males segments. SEE ALSO:  Twitter Voting Comes to 'NFL Countdown' as the Second Screen Expands
 At the bottom of the page there are also two streams that get updated in real time.  One collects NFL-related Instagram pictures uploaded by fans using the #CBSSuperbowl hashtag. The other aggregatesFacebook updates by fans, teams and players regarding the NFL.  What do you think about this dashboard? Did any of the numbers surprise you? Tell us what you think in the comments.  Screenshot courtesy of Facebook, CBS; photo via Getty Images, Jamie SquireThe NFL playoffs are back this weekend with four thrilling divisional matchups, and the U.S. is abuzz, waiting to see who's going to survive these games and advance to the conference championships. Now, thanks to a powerful new tool, you'll be able to see what everyone's talking about before, during and after the big games.  A collaboration between Facebook and CBS Sports and powered by Mass Relevance, the Facebook Football Insights on CBS Sports gives you a detailed look at which teams and players are dominating the chatter on Facebook.  An interactive map of the United States allows you to see which NFL teams receive more mentions in each state. And the numbers can be filtered by gender and age.  There's also a demographic breakdown that shows the most popular teams based on age segments and a graph displaying the teams that are trending over time.  Overall, in the last week, the Green Bay Packers are the most popular team on Facebook, with 1,228,530 mentions. Interestingly, their dominance comes mostly from female fans. The Packers are the most-mentioned team in all female age segments, but they only top the 45-54 and 55+-year-old males segments. SEE ALSO:  Twitter Voting Comes to 'NFL Countdown' as the Second Screen Expands
 At the bottom of the page there are also two streams that get updated in real time.  One collects NFL-related Instagram pictures uploaded by fans using the #CBSSuperbowl hashtag. The other aggregatesFacebook updates by fans, teams and players regarding the NFL.  What do you think about this dashboard? Did any of the numbers surprise you? Tell us what you think in the comments.  Screenshot courtesy of Facebook, CBS; photo via Getty Images, Jamie Squire