The drink louge at CES Unveiled was a welcome surprise for the press.  A ceiling of laptops on the showroom floor The irony here was that the iPad in front of his face rendered this man blind, meaning there was another man leading him by the arm telling him where to stand and stop. Tech Editor Pete Pachal and Lifestyle Editor Andrea Smith had a sit-down with Ro Marley about his line of headphones and accessories. We broadcast the talk on Google+, allowing fans to interact with Marley and Mashable! We got to try out this brain-powered bot and we're quite impressed. Mashable reporter Samantha Murphy talks with Snooki about her new line of headphones. This LEGO iPhone case will make you geek-out. We caught up with Danny Devito after a Panasonic event. These iPhone cases are framed as art. During a SONY press preview, the screen on their brand-new OLED display shut down. Oops.  Best. Dress. Ever.  In this shot, Tim Tebow reacts to his the SOUL headphones spokesperson stating that they might change the name of the 'Jet' headphones soon. Mashable's Community Manager, Meghan Peters stands in front of CES on Day 1 Bill Clinton reminded the audience not to take tech for granted. Our tech reporter Samantha Murphy, decided to launch a protest in the TAXI line at the end of Day 2.  We got a look at Hisense 110-inch 4K TV What a view! We toured the iHome lounge, full of special treats for geeks.  Virtual visits to the doctor are possible with this MobileHealthSpot Editor in-chief Lance Ulanoff wears a pair of goggles from PSiO that are "supposed to help me 'let go of my mind' and relax." Lance Ulanoff tweets, "Team Mashable is getting delerious. #2013CES #LongDay #slapsticky" When reporter Emily Price tweeted this photo with the caption "Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives" it sparked a wave of controversy and over 700 retweets. The CEA says the term "Booth Babes" is the problem. LAS VEGAS— This year's CES was a whirlwind ride through a techie kaleidoscope. We didn't miss a thing, (except for that exclusive ride on the Albatross One which was supposed to land on Lake Mead, because of high winds— rats!)  Cameras in hand, our team got some spectacular shots on the ground in Las Vegas. What was in all of our camera bags? The photo editor (that's me) carried two Canon 5D's, a Sigma 28mm f/1.8 prime lens, a Canon 24-105mm L f/4, and a Canon 70-200mm f/2.8 L. Our tech editor, Pete Pachal, was armed with a Canon T4i mounted with a shotgun Rodemic for interviews, and our reporter, Emily Price, carried the identical set-up. Tech reporter Samantha Murphy carried a Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2, and editor-in-chief Lance Ulanoff used his beloved Olympus Pen. And of course when all else failed, we used our iPhones and Android smartphones. From Samsung's keynote featuring Bill Clinton, who warned the audience not to take tech for granted, to every ultra-thin, high-speed, compact, Lightning connector-ready device, to a whole slew of celebrity branded headphones — we were there to capture the full spectrum of the tech scene at CES 2013.  Check out our favorite shots — which one is yours? Let us know in the comments.The drink louge at CES Unveiled was a welcome surprise for the press.  A ceiling of laptops on the showroom floor The irony here was that the iPad in front of his face rendered this man blind, meaning there was another man leading him by the arm telling him where to stand and stop. Tech Editor Pete Pachal and Lifestyle Editor Andrea Smith had a sit-down with Ro Marley about his line of headphones and accessories. We broadcast the talk on Google+, allowing fans to interact with Marley and Mashable! We got to try out this brain-powered bot and we're quite impressed. Mashable reporter Samantha Murphy talks with Snooki about her new line of headphones. This LEGO iPhone case will make you geek-out. We caught up with Danny Devito after a Panasonic event. These iPhone cases are framed as art. During a SONY press preview, the screen on their brand-new OLED display shut down. Oops.  Best. Dress. Ever.  In this shot, Tim Tebow reacts to his the SOUL headphones spokesperson stating that they might change the name of the 'Jet' headphones soon. Mashable's Community Manager, Meghan Peters stands in front of CES on Day 1 Bill Clinton reminded the audience not to take tech for granted. Our tech reporter Samantha Murphy, decided to launch a protest in the TAXI line at the end of Day 2.  We got a look at Hisense 110-inch 4K TV What a view! We toured the iHome lounge, full of special treats for geeks.  Virtual visits to the doctor are possible with this MobileHealthSpot Editor in-chief Lance Ulanoff wears a pair of goggles from PSiO that are "supposed to help me 'let go of my mind' and relax." Lance Ulanoff tweets, "Team Mashable is getting delerious. #2013CES #LongDay #slapsticky" When reporter Emily Price tweeted this photo with the caption "Because this is an appropriate way to sell hard drives" it sparked a wave of controversy and over 700 retweets. The CEA says the term "Booth Babes" is the problem. LAS VEGAS— This year's CES was a whirlwind ride through a techie kaleidoscope. We didn't miss a thing, (except for that exclusive ride on the Albatross One which was supposed to land on Lake Mead, because of high winds— rats!)  Cameras in hand, our team got some spectacular shots on the ground in Las Vegas. What was in all of our camera bags? The photo editor (that's me) carried two Canon 5D's, a Sigma 28mm f/1.8 prime lens, a Canon 24-105mm L f/4, and a Canon 70-200mm f/2.8 L. Our tech editor, Pete Pachal, was armed with a Canon T4i mounted with a shotgun Rodemic for interviews, and our reporter, Emily Price, carried the identical set-up. Tech reporter Samantha Murphy carried a Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF2, and editor-in-chief Lance Ulanoff used his beloved Olympus Pen. And of course when all else failed, we used our iPhones and Android smartphones. From Samsung's keynote featuring Bill Clinton, who warned the audience not to take tech for granted, to every ultra-thin, high-speed, compact, Lightning connector-ready device, to a whole slew of celebrity branded headphones — we were there to capture the full spectrum of the tech scene at CES 2013.  Check out our favorite shots — which one is yours? Let us know in the comments.