Winners of the 70th Golden Globe Awards, hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, will be revealed Sunday night. You can enhance your TV viewing experience with our digestible list of six ways to get more from tonight's Golden Globes online.  The red carpet events begin at 6 p.m. ET. And the televised show starts at 8 on NBC.  Among the presenters this year are George Clooney, Meryl Streep, Kristen Wiig, Will Ferrell, Nathan Fillion, Jennifer Garner, Jennifer Lopez and Debra Messing. Like clockwork, expect a heavy flow of tweets from celebrity attendees and fellow viewers, who will be using hashtags #GoldenGlobes and #GlobesParty during and after the ceremony. Twitter created a special Golden Globes page, where you'll find star live tweeters. And to encourage people at home to participate, @GoldenGlobes has been seeking questions:  Keep those #askGlobes questions coming! Specify to which winner you're asking your questions and we'll tweet out the responses tonight! — Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) January 13, 2013 Notable accounts to follow throughout the show include @GoldenGlobes, @NBC, @Eonline, @TwitterMovies, @TwitterTV, @MashEntertain and Mashable's @BAHjournalist. Clockwise from bottom left: Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad); Jon Hamm (Mad Men); Steve Buscemi (Boardwalk Empire); Jeff Daniels (The Newsroom); Damian Lewis (Homeland) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Connie Britton (Nashville); Claire Danes (Homeland); Glenn Close (Damages); Michelle Dockery (Downton Abbey); Julianna Margulies (The Good Wife) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Jim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory); Don Cheadle (House of Lies); Matt LeBlanc (Episodes); Louis C.K. (Louie); Alec Baldwin (30 Rock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Lena Dunham (Girls); Julia Louis-Dreyfus (Veep); Tina Fey (30 Rock); Zooey Deschanel (New Girl); Amy Poehler (Parks and Recreation) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Mandy Patinkin  (Homeland); Max Greenfield (New Girl); Danny Hutson (Magic City); Eric Stonestreet (Modern Family); Ed Harris (Game) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Sarah Paulson (Game Change); Maggie Smith (Downton Abbey); Hayden Panettiere  (Nashville); Sofia Vergara (Modern Family); Archie Panjabi (The Good Wife) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Toby Jones (The Girl); Woody Harrelson (Game Change); Clive Owen (Hemingway & Gellhorn); Kevin Costner (Hatfields & McCoys); Benedict Cumberbatch (Sherlock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Nicole Kidman (Hemingway & Gellhorn); Jessica Lange (American Horror Story: Asylum); Julianne Moore (Game Change); Sienna Miller (The Girl); Sigourney Weaver (Political Animals) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Daniel Day-Lewis (Lincoln); Richard Gere (Arbitrage); Denzel Washington (Flight); Joaquin Phoenix (The Master); John Hawkes (The Sessions) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Naomi Watts (The Impossible); Rachel Weisz (The Deep Blue Sea); Marion Cotillard (Rust and Bone); Jessica Chastain (Zero Dark Thirty); Hellen Mirren (Hitchcock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Ewan McGregor (Salmon Fishing in the Yemen); Bill Murray (Hyde Park on Hudson); Hugh Jackman (Les Miserables); Bradley Cooper (Silver Linings Playbook); Jack Black (Bernie) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Maggie Smith (Quartet); Meryl Streep (Hope Springs); Emily Blunt (Salmon Fishing in the Yemen); Judi Dench (The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel); Jennifer Lawrence (Silver Linings Playbook) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Alan Arkin (Argo); Christoph Waltz (Django Unchained); Leonardo DiCaprio (Django Unchained); Philip Seymour Hoffman (The Master); Tommy Lee Jones (Lincoln) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Nicole Kidman (The Paperboy); Anne Hathaway (Les Miserables); Sally Field (Lincoln); Amy Adams (The Master); Helen Hunt (The Sessions) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Quentin Tarantino (Django Unchained); Ben Affleck (Argo); Steven Spielberg (Lincoln); Kathryn Bigelow (Zero Dark Thirty); Ang Lee (Life of Pi) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment  E!'s GlamCam 360 will give you a 360-degree view of the fashion rolling down the red carpet, while a Detail Cam and Mani-Cam will showcase close-ups of the accessories and nails. The special views will be shown on TV, online and on E!'s iOS app.  Additionally, Livestream will be streaming red carpet arrivals starting at 6 p.m. ET.  And E!'s Heat Gauge tells you which red carpet stars are attracting the most Twitter buzz.   You can access photos from this Instagram account, the #GoldenGlobes hashtag from within the app, @SofiaVergara, @BeverlyHilton or this location feed on Gramfeed.  You'll be seeing promotions before and during the Golden Globes broadcast for Zeebox, a second-screen expereince. NBC will be touting Zeebox to encourage you to check out custom zeetags for trivia, movie video previews and IMDB talent profiles; Fandango zeetags for ticket sales; and iTunes zeetags for nominated songs. SEE ALSO: Is Zeebox the Second-Screen TV App That Finally Goes Mainstream?
 Using the Zeebox app, you can also vote on your favorite red carpet fashions, view photos and read facts about the celebrity attendees.  The Hollywood Foreign Press Association took over the Celebs on Facebook page on Sunday to give behind-the-scenes content to the page's 4.6 million followers.   The Golden Globes YouTube channel offers behind-the-scenes footage of the hosts and celebrities as well as glimpses of what it takes to put on the ceremony.  SEE ALSO: Oscars 2013: List of Nominees | 3 Kickstarter Films Get Oscar Nods
 Images courtesy NBCUniversal, E!, Instagram and ZeeboxWinners of the 70th Golden Globe Awards, hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, will be revealed Sunday night. You can enhance your TV viewing experience with our digestible list of six ways to get more from tonight's Golden Globes online.  The red carpet events begin at 6 p.m. ET. And the televised show starts at 8 on NBC.  Among the presenters this year are George Clooney, Meryl Streep, Kristen Wiig, Will Ferrell, Nathan Fillion, Jennifer Garner, Jennifer Lopez and Debra Messing. Like clockwork, expect a heavy flow of tweets from celebrity attendees and fellow viewers, who will be using hashtags #GoldenGlobes and #GlobesParty during and after the ceremony. Twitter created a special Golden Globes page, where you'll find star live tweeters. And to encourage people at home to participate, @GoldenGlobes has been seeking questions:  Keep those #askGlobes questions coming! Specify to which winner you're asking your questions and we'll tweet out the responses tonight! — Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) January 13, 2013 Notable accounts to follow throughout the show include @GoldenGlobes, @NBC, @Eonline, @TwitterMovies, @TwitterTV, @MashEntertain and Mashable's @BAHjournalist. Clockwise from bottom left: Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad); Jon Hamm (Mad Men); Steve Buscemi (Boardwalk Empire); Jeff Daniels (The Newsroom); Damian Lewis (Homeland) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Connie Britton (Nashville); Claire Danes (Homeland); Glenn Close (Damages); Michelle Dockery (Downton Abbey); Julianna Margulies (The Good Wife) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Jim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory); Don Cheadle (House of Lies); Matt LeBlanc (Episodes); Louis C.K. (Louie); Alec Baldwin (30 Rock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Lena Dunham (Girls); Julia Louis-Dreyfus (Veep); Tina Fey (30 Rock); Zooey Deschanel (New Girl); Amy Poehler (Parks and Recreation) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Mandy Patinkin  (Homeland); Max Greenfield (New Girl); Danny Hutson (Magic City); Eric Stonestreet (Modern Family); Ed Harris (Game) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Sarah Paulson (Game Change); Maggie Smith (Downton Abbey); Hayden Panettiere  (Nashville); Sofia Vergara (Modern Family); Archie Panjabi (The Good Wife) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Toby Jones (The Girl); Woody Harrelson (Game Change); Clive Owen (Hemingway & Gellhorn); Kevin Costner (Hatfields & McCoys); Benedict Cumberbatch (Sherlock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Nicole Kidman (Hemingway & Gellhorn); Jessica Lange (American Horror Story: Asylum); Julianne Moore (Game Change); Sienna Miller (The Girl); Sigourney Weaver (Political Animals) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Daniel Day-Lewis (Lincoln); Richard Gere (Arbitrage); Denzel Washington (Flight); Joaquin Phoenix (The Master); John Hawkes (The Sessions) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Naomi Watts (The Impossible); Rachel Weisz (The Deep Blue Sea); Marion Cotillard (Rust and Bone); Jessica Chastain (Zero Dark Thirty); Hellen Mirren (Hitchcock) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Ewan McGregor (Salmon Fishing in the Yemen); Bill Murray (Hyde Park on Hudson); Hugh Jackman (Les Miserables); Bradley Cooper (Silver Linings Playbook); Jack Black (Bernie) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Maggie Smith (Quartet); Meryl Streep (Hope Springs); Emily Blunt (Salmon Fishing in the Yemen); Judi Dench (The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel); Jennifer Lawrence (Silver Linings Playbook) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Alan Arkin (Argo); Christoph Waltz (Django Unchained); Leonardo DiCaprio (Django Unchained); Philip Seymour Hoffman (The Master); Tommy Lee Jones (Lincoln) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Nicole Kidman (The Paperboy); Anne Hathaway (Les Miserables); Sally Field (Lincoln); Amy Adams (The Master); Helen Hunt (The Sessions) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment Clockwise from bottom left: Quentin Tarantino (Django Unchained); Ben Affleck (Argo); Steven Spielberg (Lincoln); Kathryn Bigelow (Zero Dark Thirty); Ang Lee (Life of Pi) For a full list of nominees, click here. Photos via Getty Images Entertainment  E!'s GlamCam 360 will give you a 360-degree view of the fashion rolling down the red carpet, while a Detail Cam and Mani-Cam will showcase close-ups of the accessories and nails. The special views will be shown on TV, online and on E!'s iOS app.  Additionally, Livestream will be streaming red carpet arrivals starting at 6 p.m. ET.  And E!'s Heat Gauge tells you which red carpet stars are attracting the most Twitter buzz.   You can access photos from this Instagram account, the #GoldenGlobes hashtag from within the app, @SofiaVergara, @BeverlyHilton or this location feed on Gramfeed.  You'll be seeing promotions before and during the Golden Globes broadcast for Zeebox, a second-screen expereince. NBC will be touting Zeebox to encourage you to check out custom zeetags for trivia, movie video previews and IMDB talent profiles; Fandango zeetags for ticket sales; and iTunes zeetags for nominated songs. SEE ALSO: Is Zeebox the Second-Screen TV App That Finally Goes Mainstream?
 Using the Zeebox app, you can also vote on your favorite red carpet fashions, view photos and read facts about the celebrity attendees.  The Hollywood Foreign Press Association took over the Celebs on Facebook page on Sunday to give behind-the-scenes content to the page's 4.6 million followers.   The Golden Globes YouTube channel offers behind-the-scenes footage of the hosts and celebrities as well as glimpses of what it takes to put on the ceremony.  SEE ALSO: Oscars 2013: List of Nominees | 3 Kickstarter Films Get Oscar Nods
 Images courtesy NBCUniversal, E!, Instagram and Zeebox