Yes, that is actual live grass.  These guys win the cubicle war hands-down. This company's National Sales Director felt like a princess when he returned to work.... This is sheer Kiwi class. You're looking at 7,425 pink heart-shaped Post-It notes.  The attention to detail here is quite impressive.  This little stunt took 2,500 balloons, a day to set up and lots and lots of clean up time.  The tin foil office is a classic.  We're guessing Kate really likes waffles.  Apparently a bunch of programmers "got bored" while the boss was away. While there are many cool and creative office pranks you can play on your co-workers, a true classic that never goes out of style is the "cubicle makeover."  We have found 10 amusing YouTube clips showing various offices, desks and cubicles given a new look while their unsuspecting owners spend time away from the workplace.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Hide in your cubicle and take a look through our video slideshow. Share in the comments below any workplace remodelling you've been party to in the past.  Thumbnail image courtesy of Christine KrizsaYes, that is actual live grass.  These guys win the cubicle war hands-down. This company's National Sales Director felt like a princess when he returned to work.... This is sheer Kiwi class. You're looking at 7,425 pink heart-shaped Post-It notes.  The attention to detail here is quite impressive.  This little stunt took 2,500 balloons, a day to set up and lots and lots of clean up time.  The tin foil office is a classic.  We're guessing Kate really likes waffles.  Apparently a bunch of programmers "got bored" while the boss was away. While there are many cool and creative office pranks you can play on your co-workers, a true classic that never goes out of style is the "cubicle makeover."  We have found 10 amusing YouTube clips showing various offices, desks and cubicles given a new look while their unsuspecting owners spend time away from the workplace.  SEE ALSO: 8 Easy PC Pranks to Trick Your Friends
 Hide in your cubicle and take a look through our video slideshow. Share in the comments below any workplace remodelling you've been party to in the past.  Thumbnail image courtesy of Christine Krizsa