The comedian and impressionist underwent heart-bypass surgery in 1998, but the doctor unblocked the wrong artery, leaving the diseased one untreated. After suffering complications, Carvey sued for $7.5 million. The surgeon's insurance company settled out of court for an undisclosed amount. He later told interviewer Larry King that he donated the money to charity. Awesomely, the top comment in the Reddit thread is, "Well, isn't that special." Image courtesy of Flickr, The USO. If you've spied a dead cockroach recently, chances are it was belly-up. Redditor cofvalez wondered why. Likely it was poisoned, which is how most roaches die in human dwellings. Redditor falafax explains that neurotoxins like Raid cause insect muscles to spasm. The seizures usually flip the bugs over as their brains die. Comfortingly, it was also noted in the thread that most invertebrates do not have the capacity to feel pain. So, squish away. Image courtesy of Flickr, Jorge Rangel. Because nerds.  Image courtesy of ruminatrix. Will Smith had already tasted success as a rapper in the '80s, but the young star did not manage his finances well. By 1989, he had accrued a $2.8 million tax debt. "The IRS came and took all my stuff," Smith said in a 60 Minutes interview. Fortunately for Big Willie, NBC came a'knocking in 1990 with a pilot for The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. The show launched Smith on to a huge Hollywood career. Image via Theo Wargo/staff/Getty Images Entertainment. The water boatman, a common aquatic insect in Europe, is the loudest animal on Earth, relative to its body size. Its mating call can reach up to 99.2 decibels, according to French and Scottish researchers. For reference, a freight train about 15 meters away from you charts 80 decibels. How does the boatman sing so loud, you ask? By rubbing its penis against its abdomen. Yep. Don't freak. Sound doesn't travel well from water to air, so if you find yourself at a boatman hot tub party, you won't be overwhelmed by the noise. Image courtesy of Flickr, Paul Albertella. Celebrity finances and musical bug penises await you in this week's edition of Reddit Facts™.  Learn something cool from the Front Page of the Internet? Share a link in the comments.The comedian and impressionist underwent heart-bypass surgery in 1998, but the doctor unblocked the wrong artery, leaving the diseased one untreated. After suffering complications, Carvey sued for $7.5 million. The surgeon's insurance company settled out of court for an undisclosed amount. He later told interviewer Larry King that he donated the money to charity. Awesomely, the top comment in the Reddit thread is, "Well, isn't that special." Image courtesy of Flickr, The USO. If you've spied a dead cockroach recently, chances are it was belly-up. Redditor cofvalez wondered why. Likely it was poisoned, which is how most roaches die in human dwellings. Redditor falafax explains that neurotoxins like Raid cause insect muscles to spasm. The seizures usually flip the bugs over as their brains die. Comfortingly, it was also noted in the thread that most invertebrates do not have the capacity to feel pain. So, squish away. Image courtesy of Flickr, Jorge Rangel. Because nerds.  Image courtesy of ruminatrix. Will Smith had already tasted success as a rapper in the '80s, but the young star did not manage his finances well. By 1989, he had accrued a $2.8 million tax debt. "The IRS came and took all my stuff," Smith said in a 60 Minutes interview. Fortunately for Big Willie, NBC came a'knocking in 1990 with a pilot for The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. The show launched Smith on to a huge Hollywood career. Image via Theo Wargo/staff/Getty Images Entertainment. The water boatman, a common aquatic insect in Europe, is the loudest animal on Earth, relative to its body size. Its mating call can reach up to 99.2 decibels, according to French and Scottish researchers. For reference, a freight train about 15 meters away from you charts 80 decibels. How does the boatman sing so loud, you ask? By rubbing its penis against its abdomen. Yep. Don't freak. Sound doesn't travel well from water to air, so if you find yourself at a boatman hot tub party, you won't be overwhelmed by the noise. Image courtesy of Flickr, Paul Albertella. Celebrity finances and musical bug penises await you in this week's edition of Reddit Facts™.  Learn something cool from the Front Page of the Internet? Share a link in the comments.