Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet The 2014 Corvette has been completely redesigned, and Chevrolet rolled it out for the first time on Sunday night at the Detroit Auto Show. The company revealed a car that features styling cues from the iconic 1960s Corvette coupled with the latest carbon-fiber materials — resulting in a sports car that makes a bold statement for the recently imperiled Detroit automaker. They're even calling it the Stingray, just like that fast-backed Corvette Stingray from the early '60s, a vehicle that was designed by GM to show those European gearheads that America could also build a powerful sports car with appealing design.  The base 2014 model will be the Corvette Stingray, and the Corvette Z51 will offer Magnetic Ride Control, brake improvements and 19-inch wheels instead of the standard 18-inch size.  The new Stingray is called "C7" by enthusiasts because it's the seventh redesign of the Corvette in its 60-year history. This 2014 model is more powerful at 450 hp than the standard 2013 Corvette's 430 hp. It delivers more torque than its predecessor as well — 450 pound-feet of acceleration that's certain to press a lead-footed driver deep into its sporty seats. Chevrolet wasn't specific about Stingray's pricing, but did say that car buyers who can afford a currently available Corvette will be able to afford this new Stingray when it's released sometime during the third quarter of this year. Currently, 2013 Corvettes can be obtained at a starting price of $49,600, with most of them costing at least $55,000 once a buyer has added a few options. The entire car has been almost completely redesigned; Chevrolet said there are only two parts used in the 2014 Corvette that were used in the 2013 model. At 177 inches, the 2014 model is a couple of inches longer than the Corvette C6, and has a wider stance, with a wheelbase that's an inch wider. The new model's frame has been changed from steel to aluminum to reduce weight, and the roof and hood are made with lightweight carbon fiber. The result is a car that is lighter and has a significantly lower center of gravity. The interior is also a noticeable improvement over today's Corvettes, with lots of stitched leather instead of plastic, as well as carbon-fiber trim.   The reveal of the new Corvette wasn't a complete surprise; sites such as Jalopnik already had spy photos of the new car long before its official introduction on Sunday night. Chevy also released a teaser video last month that showed little parts of the new car.  Still, when Chevy's pictures of the Corvette were released Sunday night, even those who were never enthusiastic about past Corvettes were highly impressed with the technology and design of the 2014 Corvette Stingray. To give you a closer look at its new car, Chevrolet has launched its official 2014 Corvette site, which includes complete specs, notes and lots of pictures.  What do you think of this new sports car? Can it challenge the supremacy of the great European supercars? Let us know in the comments. Images via Getty News/Bill Pugliano and courtesy ChevroletPhoto via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo via Getty News/Bill Pugliano Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet Photo courtesy Chevrolet The 2014 Corvette has been completely redesigned, and Chevrolet rolled it out for the first time on Sunday night at the Detroit Auto Show. The company revealed a car that features styling cues from the iconic 1960s Corvette coupled with the latest carbon-fiber materials — resulting in a sports car that makes a bold statement for the recently imperiled Detroit automaker. They're even calling it the Stingray, just like that fast-backed Corvette Stingray from the early '60s, a vehicle that was designed by GM to show those European gearheads that America could also build a powerful sports car with appealing design.  The base 2014 model will be the Corvette Stingray, and the Corvette Z51 will offer Magnetic Ride Control, brake improvements and 19-inch wheels instead of the standard 18-inch size.  The new Stingray is called "C7" by enthusiasts because it's the seventh redesign of the Corvette in its 60-year history. This 2014 model is more powerful at 450 hp than the standard 2013 Corvette's 430 hp. It delivers more torque than its predecessor as well — 450 pound-feet of acceleration that's certain to press a lead-footed driver deep into its sporty seats. Chevrolet wasn't specific about Stingray's pricing, but did say that car buyers who can afford a currently available Corvette will be able to afford this new Stingray when it's released sometime during the third quarter of this year. Currently, 2013 Corvettes can be obtained at a starting price of $49,600, with most of them costing at least $55,000 once a buyer has added a few options. The entire car has been almost completely redesigned; Chevrolet said there are only two parts used in the 2014 Corvette that were used in the 2013 model. At 177 inches, the 2014 model is a couple of inches longer than the Corvette C6, and has a wider stance, with a wheelbase that's an inch wider. The new model's frame has been changed from steel to aluminum to reduce weight, and the roof and hood are made with lightweight carbon fiber. The result is a car that is lighter and has a significantly lower center of gravity. The interior is also a noticeable improvement over today's Corvettes, with lots of stitched leather instead of plastic, as well as carbon-fiber trim.   The reveal of the new Corvette wasn't a complete surprise; sites such as Jalopnik already had spy photos of the new car long before its official introduction on Sunday night. Chevy also released a teaser video last month that showed little parts of the new car.  Still, when Chevy's pictures of the Corvette were released Sunday night, even those who were never enthusiastic about past Corvettes were highly impressed with the technology and design of the 2014 Corvette Stingray. To give you a closer look at its new car, Chevrolet has launched its official 2014 Corvette site, which includes complete specs, notes and lots of pictures.  What do you think of this new sports car? Can it challenge the supremacy of the great European supercars? Let us know in the comments. Images via Getty News/Bill Pugliano and courtesy Chevrolet