As everyone who watches Mad Men knows, the ad business is tough. Winning over new clients is particularly challenging.  But a Lexington, Ky., ad agency used a tool that didn't exist in Don Draper's day — LinkedIn — to grab the attention of a potential client in a way that would have made Draper smile, or at least smirk.  Cornett Integrated Marketing Solutions calls the stunt a "Linkedin Bomb." Here's how it happened: In April, everyone in the agency sent LinkedIn requests to A&W Restaurants President Kevin Bazner and Director of Marketing Sarah Blasi at the exact same time. The messages were all headed "Welcome to Lexington" because A&W had just moved its headquarters from Louisville after being spun off from Yum Brands.  Blasi says she was at a photo shoot and "all of the sudden I got about 35 LinkedIn notifications at once." At first she thought someone had hacked her account. Then she read them. "They were all individual stories about their personal relationships with A&W Restaurants." One was from a guy who visited the restaurant with his grandfather when he was a kid. Another was from someone who's first date with the woman who became his wife was at an A&W.  The stunt was a shot in the dark. No one at the agency actually knew anyone at A&W. No one knew if the company was looking for a new ad agency. (It turns out they weren't, really.) The LinkedIn Bomb got Cornett's foot in the door, though. After several months of meetings and evaluations, the two companies are planning to announce on Tuesday that Cornett is A&W's agency of record now.  Of course, the bomb could just as easily have backfired. "There was a moment when we thought we could really get their attention, but not in a good way," says Christy Hiler, chief strategic officer for the agency. (Her husband, Whit, came up with the LinkedIn Bomb idea.)  For Blasi, the key was that the messages themselves showed a strong affinity for the brand. Says Blasi: "It was crazy. I went from thinking I was hacked to a few seconds later thinking 'Wow, they took time to write personalized notes.'" Image courtesy of Flickr, ArtgoeshereAs everyone who watches Mad Men knows, the ad business is tough. Winning over new clients is particularly challenging.  But a Lexington, Ky., ad agency used a tool that didn't exist in Don Draper's day — LinkedIn — to grab the attention of a potential client in a way that would have made Draper smile, or at least smirk.  Cornett Integrated Marketing Solutions calls the stunt a "Linkedin Bomb." Here's how it happened: In April, everyone in the agency sent LinkedIn requests to A&W Restaurants President Kevin Bazner and Director of Marketing Sarah Blasi at the exact same time. The messages were all headed "Welcome to Lexington" because A&W had just moved its headquarters from Louisville after being spun off from Yum Brands.  Blasi says she was at a photo shoot and "all of the sudden I got about 35 LinkedIn notifications at once." At first she thought someone had hacked her account. Then she read them. "They were all individual stories about their personal relationships with A&W Restaurants." One was from a guy who visited the restaurant with his grandfather when he was a kid. Another was from someone who's first date with the woman who became his wife was at an A&W.  The stunt was a shot in the dark. No one at the agency actually knew anyone at A&W. No one knew if the company was looking for a new ad agency. (It turns out they weren't, really.) The LinkedIn Bomb got Cornett's foot in the door, though. After several months of meetings and evaluations, the two companies are planning to announce on Tuesday that Cornett is A&W's agency of record now.  Of course, the bomb could just as easily have backfired. "There was a moment when we thought we could really get their attention, but not in a good way," says Christy Hiler, chief strategic officer for the agency. (Her husband, Whit, came up with the LinkedIn Bomb idea.)  For Blasi, the key was that the messages themselves showed a strong affinity for the brand. Says Blasi: "It was crazy. I went from thinking I was hacked to a few seconds later thinking 'Wow, they took time to write personalized notes.'" Image courtesy of Flickr, Artgoeshere