As an illustration that iPhone 5 sales are not as strong as expected, Apple has cut orders for components for the model, according to a report. The Wall Street Journal, citing "people familiar with the situation," reports that Apple cut its order for iPhone 5 screens for the January-March quarter "by roughly half of what the company had previously planned to order." Apple notified suppliers about the reduced orders last month, according to the report, which adds that other component orders were also affected. Though the report garnered attention Monday morning, some pointed out that the information wasn't new. Peter Misek, an analyst with Jeffries & Co., for instance, noted the order cuts in a Dec. 14 note to clients. BGR also notes that the fiscal fourth quarter traditionally posts far fewer sales than the fiscal fourth quarter, so there's nothing unusual about cutting back in the face of en ebb in seasonal demand.  Apple could not be reached for comment on the report. The report comes as the market share for Android-based smartphones hit 72% globally last November, according to Gartner. Apple's iOS fell from 15% in Q3 2011 to 13.9% in Q3 2012, the researcher estimates. Apple's stock was down more than 3% in pre-market trading on the news and was flirting with $500. The company's stock price dropped to that level back in December for the first time in 10 months. Apple's stock had eclipsed $700 after the iPhone 5 launch. The subsequent drop off has come as other supplier reports have indicated weaker-than-expected demand, though Apple's iPhone 5 launch in China last month offered some hope for investors.  The apparent sales slowdown has prompted Apple to reportedly explore the idea of a cheaper iPhone model. Apple is expected to report its fiscal first-quarter results on Jan. 23.  Image courtesy of Apple Apple made its Louvre-like design famous in New York, but Shanghai’s stunning cylindrical glass entrance is a sight to see. A glass spiral staircase leads shoppers to the store below.  The Apple Opéra Store – facing the city’s famous Opera de Paris, is gorgeous and very Parisian. The location, which opened in 2010, features original décor from the bank that once occupied the space. Inside, carved wooden stairs with wrought-iron railings connect the floors, instead of Apple’s signature glass and chrome steps.  This artist rendering recently appeared in AixEnProvence.fr magazine and is said to be the design for Apple’s latest location in Aix en Provence, France. According to the image, the store will be a low-lying building made entirely of glass walls with just one solid, wood wall where the Genius Bar would be. It’s expected to open in late 2012 or early 2013. The Apple Store in Covent Garden is the heart of London. It features sweeping, covered archways outside the historic store and a central see-through ceiling inside. The interior also features two glass staircases, a spiral and a square-shaped one. What sets the Grand Central Station store in New York City apart from others – in addition to its record size of 23,000 square feet, making it the largest in the world – is its location. The store overlooks and wraps around the main concourse of New York’s classic commuter station from the East and North East balconies of the main concourse, which serves as a beautiful backdrop to the Apple experience.  Some 750,000 people pass by the store in an average day. Instead of Apple’s typical square-like exterior, the coating of glass that lines the Nanjing East (Shanghai) store is rounded on its corners.  Apple’s flagship store in Bejing in its Sanlitun shopping distract made the news recently after angry customers tossed eggs at the location after it cancelled the launch of the iPhone 4S -- due to the amount of people that flocked to the store and to ensure safety in the area. Launched in 2008, this was the company’s first Apple store in China.  Apple’s flagship store in Hong Kong – which launched in September 2011 – is unique in that it sits on what resembles an overpass, so cars can drive below.   Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship store in New York has become iconic for its Louvre-like glass design and plunging glass staircase. Launched in 2006, the store is now a model for innovative design. Apple recently renovated the glass cube for an estimated cost of $6.6 million. As an illustration that iPhone 5 sales are not as strong as expected, Apple has cut orders for components for the model, according to a report. The Wall Street Journal, citing "people familiar with the situation," reports that Apple cut its order for iPhone 5 screens for the January-March quarter "by roughly half of what the company had previously planned to order." Apple notified suppliers about the reduced orders last month, according to the report, which adds that other component orders were also affected. Though the report garnered attention Monday morning, some pointed out that the information wasn't new. Peter Misek, an analyst with Jeffries & Co., for instance, noted the order cuts in a Dec. 14 note to clients. BGR also notes that the fiscal fourth quarter traditionally posts far fewer sales than the fiscal fourth quarter, so there's nothing unusual about cutting back in the face of en ebb in seasonal demand.  Apple could not be reached for comment on the report. The report comes as the market share for Android-based smartphones hit 72% globally last November, according to Gartner. Apple's iOS fell from 15% in Q3 2011 to 13.9% in Q3 2012, the researcher estimates. Apple's stock was down more than 3% in pre-market trading on the news and was flirting with $500. The company's stock price dropped to that level back in December for the first time in 10 months. Apple's stock had eclipsed $700 after the iPhone 5 launch. The subsequent drop off has come as other supplier reports have indicated weaker-than-expected demand, though Apple's iPhone 5 launch in China last month offered some hope for investors.  The apparent sales slowdown has prompted Apple to reportedly explore the idea of a cheaper iPhone model. Apple is expected to report its fiscal first-quarter results on Jan. 23.  Image courtesy of Apple Apple made its Louvre-like design famous in New York, but Shanghai’s stunning cylindrical glass entrance is a sight to see. A glass spiral staircase leads shoppers to the store below.  The Apple Opéra Store – facing the city’s famous Opera de Paris, is gorgeous and very Parisian. The location, which opened in 2010, features original décor from the bank that once occupied the space. Inside, carved wooden stairs with wrought-iron railings connect the floors, instead of Apple’s signature glass and chrome steps.  This artist rendering recently appeared in AixEnProvence.fr magazine and is said to be the design for Apple’s latest location in Aix en Provence, France. According to the image, the store will be a low-lying building made entirely of glass walls with just one solid, wood wall where the Genius Bar would be. It’s expected to open in late 2012 or early 2013. The Apple Store in Covent Garden is the heart of London. It features sweeping, covered archways outside the historic store and a central see-through ceiling inside. The interior also features two glass staircases, a spiral and a square-shaped one. What sets the Grand Central Station store in New York City apart from others – in addition to its record size of 23,000 square feet, making it the largest in the world – is its location. The store overlooks and wraps around the main concourse of New York’s classic commuter station from the East and North East balconies of the main concourse, which serves as a beautiful backdrop to the Apple experience.  Some 750,000 people pass by the store in an average day. Instead of Apple’s typical square-like exterior, the coating of glass that lines the Nanjing East (Shanghai) store is rounded on its corners.  Apple’s flagship store in Bejing in its Sanlitun shopping distract made the news recently after angry customers tossed eggs at the location after it cancelled the launch of the iPhone 4S -- due to the amount of people that flocked to the store and to ensure safety in the area. Launched in 2008, this was the company’s first Apple store in China.  Apple’s flagship store in Hong Kong – which launched in September 2011 – is unique in that it sits on what resembles an overpass, so cars can drive below.   Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship store in New York has become iconic for its Louvre-like glass design and plunging glass staircase. Launched in 2006, the store is now a model for innovative design. Apple recently renovated the glass cube for an estimated cost of $6.6 million. 