 If you have ever dreamed of designing a tank, now's your chance. The Pentagon's futuristic arm, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), wants your help to develop a next-generation amphibious armored vehicle. DARPA is about to release open-source software to allow anybody to become a tank designer. What's more, there's an enticing $1 million prize on the line. All the participants will go against each other in a contest called the FANG (Fast, Adaptable, Next-Generation Ground Vehicle) challenge. Other than the considerable money prize, you'll have a chance to see your design eventually become reality — DARPA will build the chosen one. The goal is to build "new infrastructure for systems design development from a set of requirements — an idea on a cocktail napkin — all the way to a final fielded product," Lt. Col. Nathan Wiedenman, the DARPA program manager who heads the project, told Wired.   The first part of the contest, the Mobility/Drivetrain Challenge, will kick off today at noon EST. That's when DARPA will release the open-source software, called Meta on a dedicated website set up for the challenge. DARPA is also going to allow contestants to use its virtual workshop software called VehicleFORGE to share ideas and work together.  SEE ALSO: Pentagon Sets Out to Create the Ultimate Wireless Network
 After the first phase, DARPA will select the top 20 tank conceptions and their creators will go on to the next phase, to design more parts of the vehicle. The registration to the challenge is already open Watch the video above to learn more about this innovative contest.   Image courtesy of DARPA. If you have ever dreamed of designing a tank, now's your chance. The Pentagon's futuristic arm, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), wants your help to develop a next-generation amphibious armored vehicle. DARPA is about to release open-source software to allow anybody to become a tank designer. What's more, there's an enticing $1 million prize on the line. All the participants will go against each other in a contest called the FANG (Fast, Adaptable, Next-Generation Ground Vehicle) challenge. Other than the considerable money prize, you'll have a chance to see your design eventually become reality — DARPA will build the chosen one. The goal is to build "new infrastructure for systems design development from a set of requirements — an idea on a cocktail napkin — all the way to a final fielded product," Lt. Col. Nathan Wiedenman, the DARPA program manager who heads the project, told Wired.   The first part of the contest, the Mobility/Drivetrain Challenge, will kick off today at noon EST. That's when DARPA will release the open-source software, called Meta on a dedicated website set up for the challenge. DARPA is also going to allow contestants to use its virtual workshop software called VehicleFORGE to share ideas and work together.  SEE ALSO: Pentagon Sets Out to Create the Ultimate Wireless Network
 After the first phase, DARPA will select the top 20 tank conceptions and their creators will go on to the next phase, to design more parts of the vehicle. The registration to the challenge is already open Watch the video above to learn more about this innovative contest.   Image courtesy of DARPA.