Paul Hawtin made headlines two years ago when his hedge fund Derwent Capital Markets became the first to use Twitter data to make investing decisions. The fund had a 1.85% return in its first month, seemingly proving the power of social media as a trading tool, but it shut down shortly afterwards as investors were hesitant to sign up. Now Hawtin is back with a new tool called DCM Dealer that hopes to turn Twitter into a stock trading tool for the masses by providing average investors with real-time sentiment analysis for stocks based on tweets.  DCM Dealer, which launched Monday, receives a pipeline of Twitter data from social data platform DataSift and uses several algorithms to weigh the meaning of the tweet for the stock, including analyzing keywords, looking at the number of followers the user has and his or her relationship to the company in question and factoring in how old the tweet is. The end result is a Twitter sentiment score of 0 to 100, with the higher numbers being more positive. The sentiment score isn't the only metric in the tool — there are other features like a built-in news feed for stocks and tools to manage your stock portfolio — but it's clearly the centerpiece that differentiates it from other trading platforms.  "Investors have long accepted that the markets are driven by greed and fear, but how do you quantify that? Now we have so much data, so much valuable information. You can listen to what hundreds of millions of people are saying," Hawtin told Mashable.  Several reports have come out in recent years suggesting that posts on Twitter can be an incredibly accurate gauge for a stock's performance. In late 2010, researchers at Cornell published a paper showing that Twitter sentiment had an 87.8% accuracy rate in predicting day-to-day stock performance on the Dow Jones Industrial Index. More recently, DataSift found that Twitter sentiment correlated with price changes for Facebook's stock on the day of the IPO.  In his own experience, Hawtin says he's found that Twitter tends to be more precise for gauging the performance of more popular companies like Facebook and Apple, which have more people talking about them, rather than more obscure businesses. At launch, DCM Dealer analyzes Twitter data for 250 publicly traded companies, but Hawtin says the plan is to ramp up that number to about 8,000 companies in the next two months.  DCM Dealer is free to use for those living in the U.K. and Europe, as the company instead charges traders £2.5 (or about $4) for every trade placed through the service. However, in the U.S., the tool is considered a derivatives product and users are not allowed to place trades through it. As a result, DCM Dealer is offering the Twitter sentiment analysis as a standalone feature for $19.99 a month. Images courtesy of Flickr, bfishadow and DCM DealerPaul Hawtin made headlines two years ago when his hedge fund Derwent Capital Markets became the first to use Twitter data to make investing decisions. The fund had a 1.85% return in its first month, seemingly proving the power of social media as a trading tool, but it shut down shortly afterwards as investors were hesitant to sign up. Now Hawtin is back with a new tool called DCM Dealer that hopes to turn Twitter into a stock trading tool for the masses by providing average investors with real-time sentiment analysis for stocks based on tweets.  DCM Dealer, which launched Monday, receives a pipeline of Twitter data from social data platform DataSift and uses several algorithms to weigh the meaning of the tweet for the stock, including analyzing keywords, looking at the number of followers the user has and his or her relationship to the company in question and factoring in how old the tweet is. The end result is a Twitter sentiment score of 0 to 100, with the higher numbers being more positive. The sentiment score isn't the only metric in the tool — there are other features like a built-in news feed for stocks and tools to manage your stock portfolio — but it's clearly the centerpiece that differentiates it from other trading platforms.  "Investors have long accepted that the markets are driven by greed and fear, but how do you quantify that? Now we have so much data, so much valuable information. You can listen to what hundreds of millions of people are saying," Hawtin told Mashable.  Several reports have come out in recent years suggesting that posts on Twitter can be an incredibly accurate gauge for a stock's performance. In late 2010, researchers at Cornell published a paper showing that Twitter sentiment had an 87.8% accuracy rate in predicting day-to-day stock performance on the Dow Jones Industrial Index. More recently, DataSift found that Twitter sentiment correlated with price changes for Facebook's stock on the day of the IPO.  In his own experience, Hawtin says he's found that Twitter tends to be more precise for gauging the performance of more popular companies like Facebook and Apple, which have more people talking about them, rather than more obscure businesses. At launch, DCM Dealer analyzes Twitter data for 250 publicly traded companies, but Hawtin says the plan is to ramp up that number to about 8,000 companies in the next two months.  DCM Dealer is free to use for those living in the U.K. and Europe, as the company instead charges traders £2.5 (or about $4) for every trade placed through the service. However, in the U.S., the tool is considered a derivatives product and users are not allowed to place trades through it. As a result, DCM Dealer is offering the Twitter sentiment analysis as a standalone feature for $19.99 a month. Images courtesy of Flickr, bfishadow and DCM Dealer