Currently, we rely on Intagram's auto-enhance tool for a generic color and shadow boost. But imagine the fun we could have if Instagram allowed its users to manually adjust brightness and contrast.  We love tilt-shift, really we do. But sometimes Instagram's stock circle and rectangle shapes can be a little limiting. We'd like to be able to create a custom blur, similar to the lasso tool on Photoshop. Sometimes our hands are too shaky to capture a level photo. Wouldn't it be great if you could rotate your photo one degree at a time, versus the 90-degree option now offered on Instagram?  Note: Users would have to adjust the rotation before cropping, as exposed corners can quickly compromise the clean frame of the photo. We're not entirely sure why, but Instagram rewards iPhone users with one tool Android owners cannot enjoy: the Twitter share. The Instagram iPhone app (left) allows users to tweet others' photos, while the Android app (right) only lets users flag photos as inappropriate. What gives? OK Instagram, we're ready for better search functionality. At the moment, we can only search by user or hashtag, not by keyword. We're surprised Instagram stands so resolutely behind the Twitter-esque hashtag, especially given the two companies' recent feud.  We forge friendships and professional relationships over social media all the time. And sometimes, those platforms are the best places to communicate. Why not implement a messaging system on Instagram? Users would be able to privately contact others who mutually follow them, similar to a Twitter direct message. Did you know you can delete comments on Instagram? Many users are unaware of this feature, perhaps because comment moderation is hard to access. To delete your comments or other users' comments on your photos, you have to tap the "Comment" button on a photo, as if you planned to add a comment. Then swipe one of the existing comments to the right. Depending whether you're on Android or iOS, you'll need to tap the pencil or the trash can, respectively.  Whew, that was a mouthful. We wish it was simpler.  We tested it. Sure enough, once a user posts an Instagram to Facebook, the photo's quality is compromised. Check out that grain. Ick. Instagram launched Photo Maps in summer 2012. It was the company's answer to browsing old photos, only it chose to sort images by location vs. time.  However, despite the fact that some users enabled geo-location data, they are unable to go back and tag Instagram photos by location. Instagram requires that users decide how to tag their photos before they've even uploaded them. We'd like to be able to change our minds, thank you very much! What's the deal with Instagram likes on the web? You can't pull up or scroll to view who has liked a photo -- besides the first six people, that is. Bug? Kiss and make up, Twitter and Instagram! We miss the cross-platform compatibility, not to mention our more colorful Twitter feeds.  Instagram underwent a healthy chunk of change in 2012, what with the Facebook acquisition, the Twitter feud, a major app overhaul and a robust web presence. But as always, we're never satisfied.   SEE ALSO: The Beginner's Guide to Instagram
 The social platform could stand to make a few more renovations. And we're here to point them out — within reason. We avoided major changes that would compromise Instagram's unique and successful vision, which revolves around mobile-exclusive tools and barriers to entry that discourage copyright violations. That being said, these changes would make the user experience a whole lot more pleasant. If given the chance, what would you change about Instagram? Share your suggestions and gripes in the comments below.  Photo composite courtesy of Stephanie Buck.Currently, we rely on Intagram's auto-enhance tool for a generic color and shadow boost. But imagine the fun we could have if Instagram allowed its users to manually adjust brightness and contrast.  We love tilt-shift, really we do. But sometimes Instagram's stock circle and rectangle shapes can be a little limiting. We'd like to be able to create a custom blur, similar to the lasso tool on Photoshop. Sometimes our hands are too shaky to capture a level photo. Wouldn't it be great if you could rotate your photo one degree at a time, versus the 90-degree option now offered on Instagram?  Note: Users would have to adjust the rotation before cropping, as exposed corners can quickly compromise the clean frame of the photo. We're not entirely sure why, but Instagram rewards iPhone users with one tool Android owners cannot enjoy: the Twitter share. The Instagram iPhone app (left) allows users to tweet others' photos, while the Android app (right) only lets users flag photos as inappropriate. What gives? OK Instagram, we're ready for better search functionality. At the moment, we can only search by user or hashtag, not by keyword. We're surprised Instagram stands so resolutely behind the Twitter-esque hashtag, especially given the two companies' recent feud.  We forge friendships and professional relationships over social media all the time. And sometimes, those platforms are the best places to communicate. Why not implement a messaging system on Instagram? Users would be able to privately contact others who mutually follow them, similar to a Twitter direct message. Did you know you can delete comments on Instagram? Many users are unaware of this feature, perhaps because comment moderation is hard to access. To delete your comments or other users' comments on your photos, you have to tap the "Comment" button on a photo, as if you planned to add a comment. Then swipe one of the existing comments to the right. Depending whether you're on Android or iOS, you'll need to tap the pencil or the trash can, respectively.  Whew, that was a mouthful. We wish it was simpler.  We tested it. Sure enough, once a user posts an Instagram to Facebook, the photo's quality is compromised. Check out that grain. Ick. Instagram launched Photo Maps in summer 2012. It was the company's answer to browsing old photos, only it chose to sort images by location vs. time.  However, despite the fact that some users enabled geo-location data, they are unable to go back and tag Instagram photos by location. Instagram requires that users decide how to tag their photos before they've even uploaded them. We'd like to be able to change our minds, thank you very much! What's the deal with Instagram likes on the web? You can't pull up or scroll to view who has liked a photo -- besides the first six people, that is. Bug? Kiss and make up, Twitter and Instagram! We miss the cross-platform compatibility, not to mention our more colorful Twitter feeds.  Instagram underwent a healthy chunk of change in 2012, what with the Facebook acquisition, the Twitter feud, a major app overhaul and a robust web presence. But as always, we're never satisfied.   SEE ALSO: The Beginner's Guide to Instagram
 The social platform could stand to make a few more renovations. And we're here to point them out — within reason. We avoided major changes that would compromise Instagram's unique and successful vision, which revolves around mobile-exclusive tools and barriers to entry that discourage copyright violations. That being said, these changes would make the user experience a whole lot more pleasant. If given the chance, what would you change about Instagram? Share your suggestions and gripes in the comments below.  Photo composite courtesy of Stephanie Buck.