This iPhone cover from Boostcase also serves as a wallet and purse. This retro-styled speaker from Memorex allows you to wirelessly stream music in a cute package. A collection of Karl Lagerfeld cases are for those who want to show their affection for the high-end German fashion designer. ID America features a collection of stickers that can be tacked to smartphones. From teacups and flowers to subway system maps, ID America stickers let you personalize your mobile device based on your style preferences. These iPhone cases from Patchworks are sleek and fun. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. are gold and square. These laptop cases from British manufacturer Knomo are beautiful and chic. This clutch by designer Rebecca Minkoff ($399) and Stellé Audio doubles as a Bluetooth speaker, allowing you to connect your mobile device to play music or even take phone calls. This laptop case from Odoyo can even hold a smartphone in its front pouch. This laptop bag from Golla is big enough to carry other tech necessities at the same time. This iPad mini case from SodaHead is soft and feminine.  A sophisticated look from designer Cremieux.  Who says tech can't be fashionable? We spotted many creative and beautiful tech accessories in the wild last week at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas — from  glitzy iPhone cases to sleek laptop bags and even a designer Rebecca Minkoff-branded clutch purse that doubles as a speaker.  SEE ALSO: iPhone Cases Framed as Beautiful, Collectible Art
 Here's a look at some of the top fashion-forward accessories that came out of tech's biggest show. Which ones are catching your eye? Let us know in the comments below. These retro-inspired maze cases -- which are completely playable --  from PureGear will be available in the spring for $29.99 each. Hide your iPad mini in this Bible case by Ozaki. This fighter jet was built on top of the Lego BrickCase by SmallWorks. The building kit allows you to attach pieces to build whatever you like. You can even build dinosaurs, like this awesome model, via the Lego BrickCase ($25). For more creative BrickCase designs, click here. Here's a look at the Lego BrickCase's building kit. Case manufacturer Bling My Thing allows you to add tiny rhinestones to your U Bling case to create your own patterns and designs. This iPad mini case is made (and feels) just like any pair of jeans. It costs just as much as them too -- about $75 (from Cygnett). ID America has a whole slew of stickers that rest on top of your smartphone and don't leave icky residue after you peel them off. Here's a few more sticker cases from ID America. Although we can't remember where we saw these 3D Spider cases at CES (can anyone help?),  they are the perfect blend of cool and creepy. This wooden case by PatchWorks is made from 100% real materials. The panda case from Odoyo looks fuzzy -- and you'll want to pet it -- but it's actually just the surface's texture that makes it appear that way. This funky cover from Boostcase offers protection against falls and wraps around your existing case.This iPhone cover from Boostcase also serves as a wallet and purse. This retro-styled speaker from Memorex allows you to wirelessly stream music in a cute package. A collection of Karl Lagerfeld cases are for those who want to show their affection for the high-end German fashion designer. ID America features a collection of stickers that can be tacked to smartphones. From teacups and flowers to subway system maps, ID America stickers let you personalize your mobile device based on your style preferences. These iPhone cases from Patchworks are sleek and fun. Earbuds from Sunita Telecom Co. are gold and square. These laptop cases from British manufacturer Knomo are beautiful and chic. This clutch by designer Rebecca Minkoff ($399) and Stellé Audio doubles as a Bluetooth speaker, allowing you to connect your mobile device to play music or even take phone calls. This laptop case from Odoyo can even hold a smartphone in its front pouch. This laptop bag from Golla is big enough to carry other tech necessities at the same time. This iPad mini case from SodaHead is soft and feminine.  A sophisticated look from designer Cremieux.  Who says tech can't be fashionable? We spotted many creative and beautiful tech accessories in the wild last week at the 2013 International CES conference in Las Vegas — from  glitzy iPhone cases to sleek laptop bags and even a designer Rebecca Minkoff-branded clutch purse that doubles as a speaker.  SEE ALSO: iPhone Cases Framed as Beautiful, Collectible Art
 Here's a look at some of the top fashion-forward accessories that came out of tech's biggest show. Which ones are catching your eye? Let us know in the comments below. These retro-inspired maze cases -- which are completely playable --  from PureGear will be available in the spring for $29.99 each. Hide your iPad mini in this Bible case by Ozaki. This fighter jet was built on top of the Lego BrickCase by SmallWorks. The building kit allows you to attach pieces to build whatever you like. You can even build dinosaurs, like this awesome model, via the Lego BrickCase ($25). For more creative BrickCase designs, click here. Here's a look at the Lego BrickCase's building kit. Case manufacturer Bling My Thing allows you to add tiny rhinestones to your U Bling case to create your own patterns and designs. This iPad mini case is made (and feels) just like any pair of jeans. It costs just as much as them too -- about $75 (from Cygnett). ID America has a whole slew of stickers that rest on top of your smartphone and don't leave icky residue after you peel them off. Here's a few more sticker cases from ID America. Although we can't remember where we saw these 3D Spider cases at CES (can anyone help?),  they are the perfect blend of cool and creepy. This wooden case by PatchWorks is made from 100% real materials. The panda case from Odoyo looks fuzzy -- and you'll want to pet it -- but it's actually just the surface's texture that makes it appear that way. This funky cover from Boostcase offers protection against falls and wraps around your existing case.