 Plenty of small children have a favorite toy bulldozer in their collection — but how many of them could handle the real deal? YouTube user Su Jiang gifted the Internet with this video, showing a young child who can't be more than six years old at the helm of a full-size bulldozer. The little tyke commands the construction vehicle with ease, expertly navigating and making use of the blade to move dirt. SEE ALSO: Puppy Tackles the Stairs in Cutest Video You'll See Today
 The video got viral traction after it was posted to Reddit over the weekend. Would you trust a small child behind the controls of a bulldozer? Share in the comments. As if his seamless blading wasn't impressive enough, just watch how this guy sticks the landing. Have you still not figured out how to Dougie? Maybe you should try to learn from this cool 82-year-old. Lady Gaga herself couldn't even keep up with the world's coolest grandpa. Now we need a danceoff between Party Rockin' Grandpa and Lady Gaga Grandpa. Who would win?  After viewing the bonus footage, our money is on "Party Rock Anthem." What's cooler than a 60-year-old grandpa on one long board? Two long boards. Any grandpa who can get down with some Katy Perry is OK in our book. This man is 92 years old, and still making ladies swoon with his guitar. This guy doesn't care who Bieber is, he's going to sing "Baby" however he wants. This old hipster dances to "I Got Mine" with moves that put yours to shame. Who says back problems come with old age? Not this guy. Image courtesy of Su Jiang Plenty of small children have a favorite toy bulldozer in their collection — but how many of them could handle the real deal? YouTube user Su Jiang gifted the Internet with this video, showing a young child who can't be more than six years old at the helm of a full-size bulldozer. The little tyke commands the construction vehicle with ease, expertly navigating and making use of the blade to move dirt. SEE ALSO: Puppy Tackles the Stairs in Cutest Video You'll See Today
 The video got viral traction after it was posted to Reddit over the weekend. Would you trust a small child behind the controls of a bulldozer? Share in the comments. As if his seamless blading wasn't impressive enough, just watch how this guy sticks the landing. Have you still not figured out how to Dougie? Maybe you should try to learn from this cool 82-year-old. Lady Gaga herself couldn't even keep up with the world's coolest grandpa. Now we need a danceoff between Party Rockin' Grandpa and Lady Gaga Grandpa. Who would win?  After viewing the bonus footage, our money is on "Party Rock Anthem." What's cooler than a 60-year-old grandpa on one long board? Two long boards. Any grandpa who can get down with some Katy Perry is OK in our book. This man is 92 years old, and still making ladies swoon with his guitar. This guy doesn't care who Bieber is, he's going to sing "Baby" however he wants. This old hipster dances to "I Got Mine" with moves that put yours to shame. Who says back problems come with old age? Not this guy. Image courtesy of Su Jiang