Microsoft will issue a critical security patch for Internet Explorer today, Jan. 14, the company has announced.  The patch fixes an issue with a severity rating of "Critical", and affects Internet Explorer versions 6-8 but not the latest two versions, 9 and 10. The vulnerability allows a malicious hacker to remotely execute code on the victim's machine.  Microsoft has already released a quick, downloadable fix for the issue, but now it's coming up with a full security update for the affected browsers.  "We recommend that you install this update as soon as it is available. This update for Internet Explorer 6-8 will be made available through Windows Update and our other standard distribution channels. If you have automatic updates enabled on your PC, you won’t need to take any action.  If you applied the Fix it released in Security Advisory 2794220, you won’t need to uninstall it before applying the security update,"  Microsoft notes in an advance notice.  The security update should become available Jan. 13 at 1PM PT. Thumbnail image composite by Mashable. Original photos via iStockphoto, alengo, and malerapasoMicrosoft will issue a critical security patch for Internet Explorer today, Jan. 14, the company has announced.  The patch fixes an issue with a severity rating of "Critical", and affects Internet Explorer versions 6-8 but not the latest two versions, 9 and 10. The vulnerability allows a malicious hacker to remotely execute code on the victim's machine.  Microsoft has already released a quick, downloadable fix for the issue, but now it's coming up with a full security update for the affected browsers.  "We recommend that you install this update as soon as it is available. This update for Internet Explorer 6-8 will be made available through Windows Update and our other standard distribution channels. If you have automatic updates enabled on your PC, you won’t need to take any action.  If you applied the Fix it released in Security Advisory 2794220, you won’t need to uninstall it before applying the security update,"  Microsoft notes in an advance notice.  The security update should become available Jan. 13 at 1PM PT. Thumbnail image composite by Mashable. Original photos via iStockphoto, alengo, and malerapaso