New licensing deals Netflix has inked with Turner Broadcasting and Warner Bros. will bring past seasons of Carton Network and Adult Swim shows to Netflix starting March 30.  The entertainment entities on Monday announced the U.S. programming agreements, which also include Warner Bros. Animation's Green Lantern. TNT's Dallas will arrive in 2014.  Netflix's Cartoon Network selection will include Adventure Time, Ben 10 (pictured), Regular Show and Johnny Bravo. The Adult Swim offering will include Robot Chicken, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, The Boondocks and Childrens Hospital. SEE ALSO: Redbox Instant Opens Invites, Prepares for Netflix Face-Off
 The news comes just one week after Netflix announced it eventually would start streaming eight Warner Bros. shows and possibly more in the future. The slate includes newer shows (Revolution, The Following, Longmire, Political Animals and 666 Park Avenue) and older ones (Chuck, Fringe and The West Wing). It appears Time Warner, the parent company of Turner Broadcasting and Warner Bros., is loosening its once tight grip on the content it previously didn't want streaming on subscription services like Netflix.  "The industry has evolved so that TV Everywhere and subscription video on-demand services can co-exist with the appropriate windowing strategy, while allowing for more content flexibility to meet consumer demand in the changing digital landscape," Deborah Bradley, senior vice president of program acquisitions for Turner Broadcasting, said in a statement.  BONUS: Netflix Arrives on Windows 8 Netflix is available as a stand-alone app in the Windows Store. Each section of panels is laid out in a Windows 8 Design Style grid. Scrolling to the left or right reveals more information. The film description page looks nearly identical to the page on Netflix for Xbox. You can play the film directly from the description page. When you fast-forward through the film, thumbnails appear, which makes it easy to find your place. Photo via Cartoon NetworkNew licensing deals Netflix has inked with Turner Broadcasting and Warner Bros. will bring past seasons of Carton Network and Adult Swim shows to Netflix starting March 30.  The entertainment entities on Monday announced the U.S. programming agreements, which also include Warner Bros. Animation's Green Lantern. TNT's Dallas will arrive in 2014.  Netflix's Cartoon Network selection will include Adventure Time, Ben 10 (pictured), Regular Show and Johnny Bravo. The Adult Swim offering will include Robot Chicken, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, The Boondocks and Childrens Hospital. SEE ALSO: Redbox Instant Opens Invites, Prepares for Netflix Face-Off
 The news comes just one week after Netflix announced it eventually would start streaming eight Warner Bros. shows and possibly more in the future. The slate includes newer shows (Revolution, The Following, Longmire, Political Animals and 666 Park Avenue) and older ones (Chuck, Fringe and The West Wing). It appears Time Warner, the parent company of Turner Broadcasting and Warner Bros., is loosening its once tight grip on the content it previously didn't want streaming on subscription services like Netflix.  "The industry has evolved so that TV Everywhere and subscription video on-demand services can co-exist with the appropriate windowing strategy, while allowing for more content flexibility to meet consumer demand in the changing digital landscape," Deborah Bradley, senior vice president of program acquisitions for Turner Broadcasting, said in a statement.  BONUS: Netflix Arrives on Windows 8 Netflix is available as a stand-alone app in the Windows Store. Each section of panels is laid out in a Windows 8 Design Style grid. Scrolling to the left or right reveals more information. The film description page looks nearly identical to the page on Netflix for Xbox. You can play the film directly from the description page. When you fast-forward through the film, thumbnails appear, which makes it easy to find your place. Photo via Cartoon Network