Investors may have soured a bit on Apple, but they're starting to love Research In Motion. While Apple's stock struggled to stay above the $500 mark Monday, RIM's stock jumped more than 10%, briefly passing $15 a share for the first time since February of last year before ending the day at $14.95. RIM's surge is due in part to investor optimism for the long-awaited launch of the BlackBerry 10 operating system and smartphones, which is set to take place at the end of this month.  Reps from Verizon, AT&T and Sprint confirmed last week that they would support RIM's upcoming BlackBerry 10 smartphones, an early positive sign for the company. What's more, on Monday, the company's VP of developer relations tweeted that RIM received 15,000 BlackBerry 10 app submissions from developers over the weekend.  The company's stock may also have been helped by reports that Apple had cut its iPhone 5 supply orders, suggesting weaker-than-expected demand.  "There is a lot of speculation that RIM can continue higher, with even more anticipation for the BlackBerry 10 release with the Apple news [Monday]," Joe Kinahan, chief derivatives strategist at TD Ameritrade, told the Wall Street Journal. "Investors are betting that, with momentum from Apple slowing, the momentum in RIM shares will pick up." Hype for the BlackBerry 10 has helped push RIM's stock above the single-digits in recent months, even as the company reported its first ever decline in subscribers in December. The stock has nearly doubled from just under $8 at the end of October to close at just under $15 Monday.   RIMM data by YCharts Image courtesy of Flickr, edansInvestors may have soured a bit on Apple, but they're starting to love Research In Motion. While Apple's stock struggled to stay above the $500 mark Monday, RIM's stock jumped more than 10%, briefly passing $15 a share for the first time since February of last year before ending the day at $14.95. RIM's surge is due in part to investor optimism for the long-awaited launch of the BlackBerry 10 operating system and smartphones, which is set to take place at the end of this month.  Reps from Verizon, AT&T and Sprint confirmed last week that they would support RIM's upcoming BlackBerry 10 smartphones, an early positive sign for the company. What's more, on Monday, the company's VP of developer relations tweeted that RIM received 15,000 BlackBerry 10 app submissions from developers over the weekend.  The company's stock may also have been helped by reports that Apple had cut its iPhone 5 supply orders, suggesting weaker-than-expected demand.  "There is a lot of speculation that RIM can continue higher, with even more anticipation for the BlackBerry 10 release with the Apple news [Monday]," Joe Kinahan, chief derivatives strategist at TD Ameritrade, told the Wall Street Journal. "Investors are betting that, with momentum from Apple slowing, the momentum in RIM shares will pick up." Hype for the BlackBerry 10 has helped push RIM's stock above the single-digits in recent months, even as the company reported its first ever decline in subscribers in December. The stock has nearly doubled from just under $8 at the end of October to close at just under $15 Monday.   RIMM data by YCharts Image courtesy of Flickr, edans