When Star Wars first hit theaters in May 1977, one scene that always had audiences gasping and whooping — according to multiple contemporary reports — came when Han Solo's ship escaped Tatooine and zoomed into a field of suddenly-stretched stars.  "The sequence where Han Solo's ship hits light speed -– hyperspace –- gets a cheer every single time," Rolling Stone's Paul Scanlon told George Lucas that summer. "People just love it."  Lucas, ever the drag racer, responded: "There's nothing like popping the old ship into hyperspace to give you a real thrill."  In the decades that followed, the stretched-star imagery became a common sci-fi meme.  Well, kid, strap yourself in and prepare for a shock: A fantasy movie that featured lightsabers, vanishing gurus, self-aware droids and seven-foot wookiees got its hyperspace science all wrong. It just took us 35 years to prove it. According to a new study from physicists at the UK's University of Leicester, what the Falcon would have seen instead of a field of stretched stars is a rather less exciting big white blur — as seen in the composite above.  "They would simply see a central disc of bright light as Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is shifted into the visible spectrum," the University's press release announced Monday. "There would be no sign of stars because of the Doppler effect." SEE ALSO: Obama's Death Star Response is Best Star Wars Tribute in History The team of M.Phil candidates used Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity to calculate the effects of light-speed travel. And the news for Han and Chewie gets worse.  Not only is their view far more boring, but their ship is going to be under some serious pressure from cosmic X-rays. About as much pressure as you'd find at the bottom of the Pacific, the team calculated. (Talk about the dark side of the force.) "Perhaps Disney should take the physical implications of such high speed travel into account in their forthcoming films," offered Leicester student Katie Dexter. Then again, if Lucas was at all concerned with scientific accuracy, he wouldn't have added awesome sound effects to all those space battles — and the movies would be poorer for it.  Image: Mashable composite. Photos courtesy Flickr, Josh Puetz and University of Leicester When Star Wars first hit theaters in May 1977, one scene that always had audiences gasping and whooping — according to multiple contemporary reports — came when Han Solo's ship escaped Tatooine and zoomed into a field of suddenly-stretched stars.  "The sequence where Han Solo's ship hits light speed -– hyperspace –- gets a cheer every single time," Rolling Stone's Paul Scanlon told George Lucas that summer. "People just love it."  Lucas, ever the drag racer, responded: "There's nothing like popping the old ship into hyperspace to give you a real thrill."  In the decades that followed, the stretched-star imagery became a common sci-fi meme.  Well, kid, strap yourself in and prepare for a shock: A fantasy movie that featured lightsabers, vanishing gurus, self-aware droids and seven-foot wookiees got its hyperspace science all wrong. It just took us 35 years to prove it. According to a new study from physicists at the UK's University of Leicester, what the Falcon would have seen instead of a field of stretched stars is a rather less exciting big white blur — as seen in the composite above.  "They would simply see a central disc of bright light as Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is shifted into the visible spectrum," the University's press release announced Monday. "There would be no sign of stars because of the Doppler effect." SEE ALSO: Obama's Death Star Response is Best Star Wars Tribute in History The team of M.Phil candidates used Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity to calculate the effects of light-speed travel. And the news for Han and Chewie gets worse.  Not only is their view far more boring, but their ship is going to be under some serious pressure from cosmic X-rays. About as much pressure as you'd find at the bottom of the Pacific, the team calculated. (Talk about the dark side of the force.) "Perhaps Disney should take the physical implications of such high speed travel into account in their forthcoming films," offered Leicester student Katie Dexter. Then again, if Lucas was at all concerned with scientific accuracy, he wouldn't have added awesome sound effects to all those space battles — and the movies would be poorer for it.  Image: Mashable composite. Photos courtesy Flickr, Josh Puetz and University of Leicester 