Drop a frog in hot water and he jumps out instantly. But submerge the little guy in cold H2O and heat the pot gradually, and you can cook him alive before he notices.  This morbid myth usually functions as a metaphor about social change, but it was also the inspiration behind the aptly titled music app Boil the Frog. And you play the part of the frog in this particular scenario.  The app operates on a simple conceit: Choose two musicians and Boil the Frog generates a playlist that links the two musical genres. It transitions so gradually that you might not notice song-to-song stylistic changes, even if the first and last artists are drastically different. The musical environment has changed around you. You are, effectively, boiled.  "I like the idea of this musical journey," says Paul Lamere, the app's developer. "Instead of just creating a static playlist of songs that all sound the same, I like the idea of being able to have a progression. I think that's how a lot of people like to listen to music, as well." The programmer built Boil the Frog on top of two APIs: Rdio, which provides the music, and The Echo Nest, which provides "everything else." The music information company, where Lamere is director of developer platforms, has powered music apps for MTV and Spotify, among others.  The Echo Nest's music brain holds more than a trillion data points on 30 million songs, but Lamere decided he only needed a catalog of the 100,000 (or so) most popular musicians. An artist similarity algorithm allowed him to build a graph connecting these artists to their closest neighbors. "The Echo Nest has a really good idea of 'If you like Weezer, we think you might be also interested in these 10 or 20 other bands that are very similar culturally and acoustically.'" From there, he applied a short-path algorithm so users could make their way from one artist to another in a reasonable amount of time. But he wasn't done yet. Early on, Lamere found these paths could lead through pretty obscure territory. If you want a route from Jay-Z to Katy Perry, two of the biggest names in pop music, you probably don't want to stray far into the indie spectrum. So Lamere adjusted the graph. Now, popular artists more frequently lead to popular artists, and unknowns to unknowns.  He also collected a song catalog designed to lessen the shock of jumping between artists. By minimizing the energy jump from song to song, Lamere says users can avoid a head banger following a folk ballad. This ensures the ride from artist to artist is as smooth as possible. If there are bumps along the way, of course, Lamere also programmed in an easy Bypass button so you can skip songs, rerouting around any song you don't want to hear, like a GPS guiding you to your final destination.  Boil the Frog might not be the most revolutionary music app of all time, but it is fun to play with. For Lamere, it's an old concept he was finally able to hammer out over the holidays. And it cuts through the tedium of some modern music discovery: "Some of these music sites out there give you a radio experience. There's sort of a fatigue that comes in. It's just the same thing over and over again. So this is a way to listen to something that takes you someplace new." Say you want to prove to your reluctant Belieber bestie that System of a Down might be up his alley. You could inundate him with System until he's sick of it, or just send him a link to the Bieber/System playlist (10 songs) and let the boiling begin.   Lamere admitted this kind of guided social music discovery was also part of the inspiration behind Boil the Frog. The idea iterated under a different name, Music Makeover, when the developer was trying to guide his teenage daughter from Miley Cyrus to Miles Davis.  Lamere released the app on his music technology blog, Music Machinery, where he also debuted another fun music app, The Infinite Jukebox, in November of last year. (Pro tip: Try loading Gangnam Style into The Infinite Jukebox. If you don't have Gangnam fatigue yet, you soon will.)  In the two weeks since its release, Boil the Frog has garnered "modest" traffic, Lamere says, as well as a fair amount of feedback. After some initial bug fixes, most of the comments have politely critiqued his app: I don't know which I find more astounding: that the path from Karlheinz Stockhausen to Frank Sinatra is only 12 songs long, or that it goes through the soundtrack to Star Wars Episode 3: Return of the Sith. For now, Boil the Frog's Rdio infrastructure means only subscribers to the online music service will hear their playlists in full (otherwise, you'll get 30-second samples of each song). If you're having trouble deciding on a particular artist, check out Lamere's list of faves, like Mickey Mouse/deadmau5 or Elvis/Elvis. We also recommend Ben Folds/Ben Folds Five. "I think this is where the tool really shines, is in music discovery," Lamere says. "Starting off with a slow, quiet song and building gradually to a high, energetic song is really appealing to me." Have you boiled the frog yet? How did your playlist turn out? Make sure to let us know in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Flickr, jronaldleeDrop a frog in hot water and he jumps out instantly. But submerge the little guy in cold H2O and heat the pot gradually, and you can cook him alive before he notices.  This morbid myth usually functions as a metaphor about social change, but it was also the inspiration behind the aptly titled music app Boil the Frog. And you play the part of the frog in this particular scenario.  The app operates on a simple conceit: Choose two musicians and Boil the Frog generates a playlist that links the two musical genres. It transitions so gradually that you might not notice song-to-song stylistic changes, even if the first and last artists are drastically different. The musical environment has changed around you. You are, effectively, boiled.  "I like the idea of this musical journey," says Paul Lamere, the app's developer. "Instead of just creating a static playlist of songs that all sound the same, I like the idea of being able to have a progression. I think that's how a lot of people like to listen to music, as well." The programmer built Boil the Frog on top of two APIs: Rdio, which provides the music, and The Echo Nest, which provides "everything else." The music information company, where Lamere is director of developer platforms, has powered music apps for MTV and Spotify, among others.  The Echo Nest's music brain holds more than a trillion data points on 30 million songs, but Lamere decided he only needed a catalog of the 100,000 (or so) most popular musicians. An artist similarity algorithm allowed him to build a graph connecting these artists to their closest neighbors. "The Echo Nest has a really good idea of 'If you like Weezer, we think you might be also interested in these 10 or 20 other bands that are very similar culturally and acoustically.'" From there, he applied a short-path algorithm so users could make their way from one artist to another in a reasonable amount of time. But he wasn't done yet. Early on, Lamere found these paths could lead through pretty obscure territory. If you want a route from Jay-Z to Katy Perry, two of the biggest names in pop music, you probably don't want to stray far into the indie spectrum. So Lamere adjusted the graph. Now, popular artists more frequently lead to popular artists, and unknowns to unknowns.  He also collected a song catalog designed to lessen the shock of jumping between artists. By minimizing the energy jump from song to song, Lamere says users can avoid a head banger following a folk ballad. This ensures the ride from artist to artist is as smooth as possible. If there are bumps along the way, of course, Lamere also programmed in an easy Bypass button so you can skip songs, rerouting around any song you don't want to hear, like a GPS guiding you to your final destination.  Boil the Frog might not be the most revolutionary music app of all time, but it is fun to play with. For Lamere, it's an old concept he was finally able to hammer out over the holidays. And it cuts through the tedium of some modern music discovery: "Some of these music sites out there give you a radio experience. There's sort of a fatigue that comes in. It's just the same thing over and over again. So this is a way to listen to something that takes you someplace new." Say you want to prove to your reluctant Belieber bestie that System of a Down might be up his alley. You could inundate him with System until he's sick of it, or just send him a link to the Bieber/System playlist (10 songs) and let the boiling begin.   Lamere admitted this kind of guided social music discovery was also part of the inspiration behind Boil the Frog. The idea iterated under a different name, Music Makeover, when the developer was trying to guide his teenage daughter from Miley Cyrus to Miles Davis.  Lamere released the app on his music technology blog, Music Machinery, where he also debuted another fun music app, The Infinite Jukebox, in November of last year. (Pro tip: Try loading Gangnam Style into The Infinite Jukebox. If you don't have Gangnam fatigue yet, you soon will.)  In the two weeks since its release, Boil the Frog has garnered "modest" traffic, Lamere says, as well as a fair amount of feedback. After some initial bug fixes, most of the comments have politely critiqued his app: I don't know which I find more astounding: that the path from Karlheinz Stockhausen to Frank Sinatra is only 12 songs long, or that it goes through the soundtrack to Star Wars Episode 3: Return of the Sith. For now, Boil the Frog's Rdio infrastructure means only subscribers to the online music service will hear their playlists in full (otherwise, you'll get 30-second samples of each song). If you're having trouble deciding on a particular artist, check out Lamere's list of faves, like Mickey Mouse/deadmau5 or Elvis/Elvis. We also recommend Ben Folds/Ben Folds Five. "I think this is where the tool really shines, is in music discovery," Lamere says. "Starting off with a slow, quiet song and building gradually to a high, energetic song is really appealing to me." Have you boiled the frog yet? How did your playlist turn out? Make sure to let us know in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Flickr, jronaldlee