 People are going to use smartphones in their cars whether we enable them or not, a GM spokesperson told Mashable at International CES 2013 when explaining the company's plans to create an in-car smartphone-syncing dashboard.  It's true that people have a hard time taking a break from their mobile device — even when they're behind the wheel. A new study from McKinsey shows that 35% of smartphone owners said they use them while driving. And those are just the ones who admitted it. Out of the 4,000 people surveyed for the report, 89% said they use their phone for calls while driving; 68% said for navigation and 39% said for SMS. The survey also shows that 55% of people ages 18 to 39 say they think in-car access to data is important. And 83% of that same group is willing to pay for in-car access.  At CES 2013, car companies like Ford and GM were eager to share their upcoming smartphone-integrated systems, plus initiatives to encourage developers to make more apps that consumers can use while in their cars.  Sound dangerous? There's definitely that potential since using your phone while driving is distracting: texting and driving makes an accident 23 times more likely; another report shows that up to 25% of all roadway accidents are gadget related. However, we have seen some apps that can be used to create safer drivers. Yet the statistics on gadget-related accidents, and what is working to prevent those accidents, are clear. Some states have passed bans on the use of mobile devices while driving:  California, for instance, saw road fatalities decline by 22% in just two years after it implemented a ban on talking or texting on a mobile phone while driving.  But maybe the car companies have a point — the consumers are going to use their devices regardless, so they might as well make them more touch-free.  Scott Fosgard, infotainment communications manager for GM, told Mashable at International CES 2013 that safety would be a top priority for any in-car app they would install.  In-car apps would work through a dashboard installed in the car, so it could possibly require less of your attention than a smartphone.  At this point, car makers are open to any new ideas from developers for in-car apps. Some have suggested navigation apps; free streaming music apps; and apps that help people find the closest gas station while monitoring how much fuel their car has in its tank.  Do you think integrated in-car apps would be distracting for drivers? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, gaspr13  People are going to use smartphones in their cars whether we enable them or not, a GM spokesperson told Mashable at International CES 2013 when explaining the company's plans to create an in-car smartphone-syncing dashboard.  It's true that people have a hard time taking a break from their mobile device — even when they're behind the wheel. A new study from McKinsey shows that 35% of smartphone owners said they use them while driving. And those are just the ones who admitted it. Out of the 4,000 people surveyed for the report, 89% said they use their phone for calls while driving; 68% said for navigation and 39% said for SMS. The survey also shows that 55% of people ages 18 to 39 say they think in-car access to data is important. And 83% of that same group is willing to pay for in-car access.  At CES 2013, car companies like Ford and GM were eager to share their upcoming smartphone-integrated systems, plus initiatives to encourage developers to make more apps that consumers can use while in their cars.  Sound dangerous? There's definitely that potential since using your phone while driving is distracting: texting and driving makes an accident 23 times more likely; another report shows that up to 25% of all roadway accidents are gadget related. However, we have seen some apps that can be used to create safer drivers. Yet the statistics on gadget-related accidents, and what is working to prevent those accidents, are clear. Some states have passed bans on the use of mobile devices while driving:  California, for instance, saw road fatalities decline by 22% in just two years after it implemented a ban on talking or texting on a mobile phone while driving.  But maybe the car companies have a point — the consumers are going to use their devices regardless, so they might as well make them more touch-free.  Scott Fosgard, infotainment communications manager for GM, told Mashable at International CES 2013 that safety would be a top priority for any in-car app they would install.  In-car apps would work through a dashboard installed in the car, so it could possibly require less of your attention than a smartphone.  At this point, car makers are open to any new ideas from developers for in-car apps. Some have suggested navigation apps; free streaming music apps; and apps that help people find the closest gas station while monitoring how much fuel their car has in its tank.  Do you think integrated in-car apps would be distracting for drivers? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, gaspr13 