People who buy the Downton Abbey season three pass on iTunes will get access to the final three episodes on Jan. 29 before PBS airs them on TV in the United States. The new season of the British-American period drama premiered in the U.S. on Jan. 6, months after debuting in the United Kingdom. The iTunes season pass, which costs $19.99, will give people the unedited UK versions of the final three episodes. The show's TV finale is Feb. 17, so the pass gives fans a well-advanced viewing opportunity.  Apple teases season three on iTunes as such: "The Great War is over and the long-awaited engagement of Lady Mary and Matthew is on, but all is not tranquil at Downton Abbey as wrenching social changes, romantic intrigues, and personal crises grip the majestic English country estate for a third thrilling season."  SEE ALSO: 'Downton Abbey' Seasons 1 and 2 Explained in 5 Minutes
 On Sunday, Maggie Smith won the Golden Globe for Best Performance By An Actress In A Supporting Role In A Series, Miniseries or Motion Picture Made For Television. She plays Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham. BONUS: 8 'Downton Abbey' Tumblrs Suitable for Aristocrats Lady Edith Crawley gets the Muppet treatment. Image courtesy of Edith With Googly Eyes Beyoncé and Destiny's Child describe Downton Abbey scenes. All the singles ladies will love it. Image courtesy of Downton Abbeyoncé Arrested Development + Downton Abbey = Arrested Downton. Hope you packed bail money, Crawley family. Image courtesy of Arrested Downton Leslie Knope's aristocratic ambitions realized. Image courtesy of Downton Pawnee The real stars illuminate the castle. Image courtesy of Downton Abbey Lamps Texts From Last Night visit the Yorkshire countryside. Image courtesy of Telegrams From Downton Downton. GIFed. Image courtesy of Quite So Downton Snooty woofs at the estate. Image courtesy of Dogs of Downton Abbey Image via screenshot from PBS YouTube videoPeople who buy the Downton Abbey season three pass on iTunes will get access to the final three episodes on Jan. 29 before PBS airs them on TV in the United States. The new season of the British-American period drama premiered in the U.S. on Jan. 6, months after debuting in the United Kingdom. The iTunes season pass, which costs $19.99, will give people the unedited UK versions of the final three episodes. The show's TV finale is Feb. 17, so the pass gives fans a well-advanced viewing opportunity.  Apple teases season three on iTunes as such: "The Great War is over and the long-awaited engagement of Lady Mary and Matthew is on, but all is not tranquil at Downton Abbey as wrenching social changes, romantic intrigues, and personal crises grip the majestic English country estate for a third thrilling season."  SEE ALSO: 'Downton Abbey' Seasons 1 and 2 Explained in 5 Minutes
 On Sunday, Maggie Smith won the Golden Globe for Best Performance By An Actress In A Supporting Role In A Series, Miniseries or Motion Picture Made For Television. She plays Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham. BONUS: 8 'Downton Abbey' Tumblrs Suitable for Aristocrats Lady Edith Crawley gets the Muppet treatment. Image courtesy of Edith With Googly Eyes Beyoncé and Destiny's Child describe Downton Abbey scenes. All the singles ladies will love it. Image courtesy of Downton Abbeyoncé Arrested Development + Downton Abbey = Arrested Downton. Hope you packed bail money, Crawley family. Image courtesy of Arrested Downton Leslie Knope's aristocratic ambitions realized. Image courtesy of Downton Pawnee The real stars illuminate the castle. Image courtesy of Downton Abbey Lamps Texts From Last Night visit the Yorkshire countryside. Image courtesy of Telegrams From Downton Downton. GIFed. Image courtesy of Quite So Downton Snooty woofs at the estate. Image courtesy of Dogs of Downton Abbey Image via screenshot from PBS YouTube video