If you ever used it, you know Facebook Search barely counts as such. It’s absolutely awful. As of Tuesday, however, it’s about to go from zero to hero. To understand how fundamentally better Facebook’s new Graph Search will be, just spend five minutes using the current excuse of a search engine. Yes, that’s right, it stinks.  Sure, there’s some word-wheeling in there — where suggested results start appearing as soon as you type a few letters — but the quality of the results ain't great. it’s just an endless number of Facebook pages that have little relation to your query. When I type in "friends in NY", my top result is "Best Friends Animal society – New York City." Second is "Friends in Deed." Scrolling through all the results, there’s nothing that relates to me or my existence on Facebook. Facebook’s Graph Search, though I hate the name, promises to change all that. Based on what we learned today, I’m inclined to believe it.  Graph Search uses all that data we've been pouring into Facebook for the last eight years — all that wonderful structured data — and lets you search against it in pretty much any way you can imagine. According to Facebook’s promotional video and CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s presentation, you can type in real-world, real-language questions you might ask for instant and useful answers. Two examples Facebook gave clearly illustrate the power: So you could start with a simple search like "Find friends who work at my company." That’s nice, but then Facebook lets you add in “who like to ski” — a cross reference of the graphed data to get some truly interesting results.  Naturally, these searches work with all the assets you drop in Facebook, making a search like “photos of my friends before 1995” a rewarding experiencing. This may be the first Facebook innovation in a while that excites small business, since users will now be able to search for local firms that their friends like. They get to cross reference interests, too — so if they like the right kind of food in the area, that result is more useful.  I’m sure it will help big brands on Facebook, too. Most of their structured data is public, and I expect to see a lot more serendipitous discovery of brands, services and products that fit your needs. You'll notice the focus on Likes. That’s right, sentiment is now part of the search engine. Facebook’s secret sauce. It’s a key component and the one that should make Google, which has been struggling to integrate Google+ and its +1's with its own world-leading search engine, very nervous. I suspect that Facebook’s Graph Search will be powerful enough to cause Facebook a world of privacy trouble. No, Facebook isn't changing any of its privacy policies for the new search, but once you have a super-easy-to-use tool that can unearth previously hidden or hard-to find information, people are going to freak out a little. Nothing you have set as private will appear, but everything you forgot to set as private (or simply forgot you ever posted and left as public) will appear.  Try not to freak out, and don’t blame Facebook. This is something the service has to do, and it is going to make Facebook a million times better. I suggest that you prepare for it by carefully combing through your Timeline and privacy settings to ensure that everything you want private is now private.  You may also want to ask some friends to un-tag you on, ahem, certain photos. We don’t know everything about Facebook Graph search. For instance, pretty much all the examples and explanation we got talks about Facebook’s meta, interest and connections information about you: who you are, where you work, what you like, who your friends are. There was no mention of status updates.  Can Facebook Graph search within posts? To do so, Facebook would have to index every word in every update and do keywords searches. They’d still apply the same privacy settings, but the results would be even more fascinating for a query like "Friends from Palo Alto who said they like sunshine and wish the Oscars weren't four hours long in 2004."   That’s a much heavier lift, and probably not something Facebook’s still-in-beta Graph Search is ready to do, but they could be on their way. Microsoft’s search engine, Bing!, is integrated, after all. For now, Bing Integration sounds more like another room in the house, rather than a new sink or oven. It lets you search the web outside Facebook and bring the results inside. That may annoy the heck out of Google, but it will not change your world all that much — yet. Overall, I’m far more excited about Facebook’s latest announcement than I thought I’d be. No, it’s not a new phone (you do not need a Facebook phone) and it’s not Zuckerberg stepping away to become a philanthropist (too young), but it is the thing Facebook needs the most.  Facebook’s Graph Search will be a game changer on so many levels — and could be just the thing the social network needs to reach even greater heights. Photo by MashableIf you ever used it, you know Facebook Search barely counts as such. It’s absolutely awful. As of Tuesday, however, it’s about to go from zero to hero. To understand how fundamentally better Facebook’s new Graph Search will be, just spend five minutes using the current excuse of a search engine. Yes, that’s right, it stinks.  Sure, there’s some word-wheeling in there — where suggested results start appearing as soon as you type a few letters — but the quality of the results ain't great. it’s just an endless number of Facebook pages that have little relation to your query. When I type in "friends in NY", my top result is "Best Friends Animal society – New York City." Second is "Friends in Deed." Scrolling through all the results, there’s nothing that relates to me or my existence on Facebook. Facebook’s Graph Search, though I hate the name, promises to change all that. Based on what we learned today, I’m inclined to believe it.  Graph Search uses all that data we've been pouring into Facebook for the last eight years — all that wonderful structured data — and lets you search against it in pretty much any way you can imagine. According to Facebook’s promotional video and CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s presentation, you can type in real-world, real-language questions you might ask for instant and useful answers. Two examples Facebook gave clearly illustrate the power: So you could start with a simple search like "Find friends who work at my company." That’s nice, but then Facebook lets you add in “who like to ski” — a cross reference of the graphed data to get some truly interesting results.  Naturally, these searches work with all the assets you drop in Facebook, making a search like “photos of my friends before 1995” a rewarding experiencing. This may be the first Facebook innovation in a while that excites small business, since users will now be able to search for local firms that their friends like. They get to cross reference interests, too — so if they like the right kind of food in the area, that result is more useful.  I’m sure it will help big brands on Facebook, too. Most of their structured data is public, and I expect to see a lot more serendipitous discovery of brands, services and products that fit your needs. You'll notice the focus on Likes. That’s right, sentiment is now part of the search engine. Facebook’s secret sauce. It’s a key component and the one that should make Google, which has been struggling to integrate Google+ and its +1's with its own world-leading search engine, very nervous. I suspect that Facebook’s Graph Search will be powerful enough to cause Facebook a world of privacy trouble. No, Facebook isn't changing any of its privacy policies for the new search, but once you have a super-easy-to-use tool that can unearth previously hidden or hard-to find information, people are going to freak out a little. Nothing you have set as private will appear, but everything you forgot to set as private (or simply forgot you ever posted and left as public) will appear.  Try not to freak out, and don’t blame Facebook. This is something the service has to do, and it is going to make Facebook a million times better. I suggest that you prepare for it by carefully combing through your Timeline and privacy settings to ensure that everything you want private is now private.  You may also want to ask some friends to un-tag you on, ahem, certain photos. We don’t know everything about Facebook Graph search. For instance, pretty much all the examples and explanation we got talks about Facebook’s meta, interest and connections information about you: who you are, where you work, what you like, who your friends are. There was no mention of status updates.  Can Facebook Graph search within posts? To do so, Facebook would have to index every word in every update and do keywords searches. They’d still apply the same privacy settings, but the results would be even more fascinating for a query like "Friends from Palo Alto who said they like sunshine and wish the Oscars weren't four hours long in 2004."   That’s a much heavier lift, and probably not something Facebook’s still-in-beta Graph Search is ready to do, but they could be on their way. Microsoft’s search engine, Bing!, is integrated, after all. For now, Bing Integration sounds more like another room in the house, rather than a new sink or oven. It lets you search the web outside Facebook and bring the results inside. That may annoy the heck out of Google, but it will not change your world all that much — yet. Overall, I’m far more excited about Facebook’s latest announcement than I thought I’d be. No, it’s not a new phone (you do not need a Facebook phone) and it’s not Zuckerberg stepping away to become a philanthropist (too young), but it is the thing Facebook needs the most.  Facebook’s Graph Search will be a game changer on so many levels — and could be just the thing the social network needs to reach even greater heights. Photo by Mashable