 Aside from the free champagne and opportunity to watch your great aunt do the Cha-Cha Slide, photo booths are the highlight of any wedding.  With sombreros, oversized frames and boas, the taking of gratuitous, timed selfies of you and your friends heightens every event. And a Chicago-based company has a new take on the experience with Fotio, a photo booth without the actual booth.  Event planners Nick Harvey and Theresa McMullen created a custom, vintage-inspired view camera shell from solid oak, brass and leather. Hidden inside is a Canon T4i dSLR and a 20-inch iMac, and the subject controls the shutter by pressing a red, wired button. Check out the video, above, for more.  SEE ALSO: New Tool Enables Wireless Tethered Photography
 Instead of prints, the photos are displayed on the iMac screen in random slideshow format, because "people love posting pictures online and talking about them right after an event," Fotio's creators say on their site.  It's intended to be a social experience, where everyone gathers around the screen to view shots of different guests.  "We are more interested in a truly unlimited photo experience that's more like a photo shoot and gets the craziest and best photos," Harvey told Mashable. Fotio was inspired by Harvey and McMullen's DIY photo booth they created for their own wedding.  With Fotio, each guest gets a custom red ticket with information for a password-protected online gallery, which is uploaded within 24 hours. All pictures displayed are black and white but at the end of the event, the party planner receives a USB with files in full color.  Getting Fotio at your next function will cost you $600 for 6 hours.  What do you think of the photo booth experience sans booth? Tell us your thoughts in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Fotio Aside from the free champagne and opportunity to watch your great aunt do the Cha-Cha Slide, photo booths are the highlight of any wedding.  With sombreros, oversized frames and boas, the taking of gratuitous, timed selfies of you and your friends heightens every event. And a Chicago-based company has a new take on the experience with Fotio, a photo booth without the actual booth.  Event planners Nick Harvey and Theresa McMullen created a custom, vintage-inspired view camera shell from solid oak, brass and leather. Hidden inside is a Canon T4i dSLR and a 20-inch iMac, and the subject controls the shutter by pressing a red, wired button. Check out the video, above, for more.  SEE ALSO: New Tool Enables Wireless Tethered Photography
 Instead of prints, the photos are displayed on the iMac screen in random slideshow format, because "people love posting pictures online and talking about them right after an event," Fotio's creators say on their site.  It's intended to be a social experience, where everyone gathers around the screen to view shots of different guests.  "We are more interested in a truly unlimited photo experience that's more like a photo shoot and gets the craziest and best photos," Harvey told Mashable. Fotio was inspired by Harvey and McMullen's DIY photo booth they created for their own wedding.  With Fotio, each guest gets a custom red ticket with information for a password-protected online gallery, which is uploaded within 24 hours. All pictures displayed are black and white but at the end of the event, the party planner receives a USB with files in full color.  Getting Fotio at your next function will cost you $600 for 6 hours.  What do you think of the photo booth experience sans booth? Tell us your thoughts in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Fotio