Developers who want to get their hands on Google’s Project Glass won’t have to wait much longer. Google announced plans Tuesday to hold a “Glass Foundry” in San Francisco and New York in the coming weeks: Two full days of hacking that will allow developers to get an early look at Glass and start developing for the platform. The first day of the event will be an introduction to Glass, while the second will explore the Mirror API, which “gives you the ability to exchange data and interact with the user over REST.” Google engineers will be on site to help developers at any point in the process. At the end of the second day, there will also be the opportunity for developers to show off what they’ve been working on, with some “special guest judges” on hand to take a look at all the entries.  Google co-founder Sergey Brin demonstrated Google Glass during the company’s annual developer conference last year.  The glasses offer the ability to record video, get weather updates, and see messages from your friends. Developers who were in attendance at the conference were able to order Explorer Editions of the glasses for $1,500. Those glasses are expected to ship to developers early this year, however, an exact ship date has yet to be announced. Glass Foundry will be held in San Francisco from Jan. 28 to 29 and in New York from Feb. 1 to 2.  Both events require registration and are available only to a limited number of developers. Developers who take part in the Glass Foundry events will be able to use units on-site. Photo by Mashable, Pete Pachal Developers who want to get their hands on Google’s Project Glass won’t have to wait much longer. Google announced plans Tuesday to hold a “Glass Foundry” in San Francisco and New York in the coming weeks: Two full days of hacking that will allow developers to get an early look at Glass and start developing for the platform. The first day of the event will be an introduction to Glass, while the second will explore the Mirror API, which “gives you the ability to exchange data and interact with the user over REST.” Google engineers will be on site to help developers at any point in the process. At the end of the second day, there will also be the opportunity for developers to show off what they’ve been working on, with some “special guest judges” on hand to take a look at all the entries.  Google co-founder Sergey Brin demonstrated Google Glass during the company’s annual developer conference last year.  The glasses offer the ability to record video, get weather updates, and see messages from your friends. Developers who were in attendance at the conference were able to order Explorer Editions of the glasses for $1,500. Those glasses are expected to ship to developers early this year, however, an exact ship date has yet to be announced. Glass Foundry will be held in San Francisco from Jan. 28 to 29 and in New York from Feb. 1 to 2.  Both events require registration and are available only to a limited number of developers. Developers who take part in the Glass Foundry events will be able to use units on-site. Photo by Mashable, Pete Pachal 