Facebook is starting with just a few search criteria in graph Search. in the future, additional variables will be added, for instance, Instagram. With Graph Search you can search for restaurants by type, as well as location. You can also search specifically for restaurants you or your friends like. Searches can be for anything. For instance, I can find out what musicians like Mashable, or even better, what musician's like Mashable and live in my hometown in NC. Photos can be searched for using a variety of factors. For instance, I can search for photos of my friends taken before 1990. I can also get a bit more specific, and ask to view photos of friends before 1990 that were uploaded by a specific person. Photos with friends can be narrowed down by a number of variables. For some reason Graph Search always wants to include our Deputy Editor Chris Taylor as a variable in searches I do. Photos from your search are displayed in the order in which Facebook thinks they would be most important to you. Importance is determined in part by the number of likes and comments a photo has. Searches can include results with content from people you're not friends with as well. for instance, my search for "Photos taken in Paris, France" pulled up a number of public photos taken by people I don't know. Facebook has integrated Bing into Graph Search as well. If it thinks it won't find an answer on Facebook it will bring up a web search. web searches stand out with a grey icon beside them. Web search results are displayed directly in Facebook. For searches like weather, the forcecast is shown right in your Facebook menu. Facebook unveiled Graph Search on Tuesday, a new way to search for things you’re looking for on the social network. Meant for uncovering information in your Facebook network, Graph Search can be used to search for something simple like ”Photos of my friends," or something more complex like “Photos of my friends before 1990 uploaded by my mom.” The service is in beta now, with only a few hundred people gaining access Tuesday. Facebook will be using results from those initial users to help tweak the service, before it pushes it out to the whole of the Facebook community. As one of the lucky ones granted early access to Graph Search, I took the service for a spin. Check out some of the searches I was able to do on Facebook in the gallery above. What sorts of searches would you like to be able to do on Facebook? Let us know in the comments.Facebook is starting with just a few search criteria in graph Search. in the future, additional variables will be added, for instance, Instagram. With Graph Search you can search for restaurants by type, as well as location. You can also search specifically for restaurants you or your friends like. Searches can be for anything. For instance, I can find out what musicians like Mashable, or even better, what musician's like Mashable and live in my hometown in NC. Photos can be searched for using a variety of factors. For instance, I can search for photos of my friends taken before 1990. I can also get a bit more specific, and ask to view photos of friends before 1990 that were uploaded by a specific person. Photos with friends can be narrowed down by a number of variables. For some reason Graph Search always wants to include our Deputy Editor Chris Taylor as a variable in searches I do. Photos from your search are displayed in the order in which Facebook thinks they would be most important to you. Importance is determined in part by the number of likes and comments a photo has. Searches can include results with content from people you're not friends with as well. for instance, my search for "Photos taken in Paris, France" pulled up a number of public photos taken by people I don't know. Facebook has integrated Bing into Graph Search as well. If it thinks it won't find an answer on Facebook it will bring up a web search. web searches stand out with a grey icon beside them. Web search results are displayed directly in Facebook. For searches like weather, the forcecast is shown right in your Facebook menu. Facebook unveiled Graph Search on Tuesday, a new way to search for things you’re looking for on the social network. Meant for uncovering information in your Facebook network, Graph Search can be used to search for something simple like ”Photos of my friends," or something more complex like “Photos of my friends before 1990 uploaded by my mom.” The service is in beta now, with only a few hundred people gaining access Tuesday. Facebook will be using results from those initial users to help tweak the service, before it pushes it out to the whole of the Facebook community. As one of the lucky ones granted early access to Graph Search, I took the service for a spin. Check out some of the searches I was able to do on Facebook in the gallery above. What sorts of searches would you like to be able to do on Facebook? Let us know in the comments.