Point-of-sale giant NCR and Paypal are teaming up to make life a little easier for restaurant-goers. The two companies announced an agreement on Tuesday that will bring the option to pay with Paypal on NCR's recently announced mobile payment app.  In early December, NCR announced the launch of Mobile Pay, a cloud-based system that enables restaurants to give customers a wide array of services, including mobile payments. The idea behind mobile pay is to allow customers to interact with the restaurant through an app on their phone.  "We can essentially eliminate all the waiting time and all the uncertainty and insecurity by simply letting you to use your phone to interact directly with your guest check," said Michael Finley, vice president and CTO of hosted solutions at NCR, in a phone interview with Mashable.  Finley also noted that "it's important to think of the payment as a small part of this." What NCR wants to achieve with Mobile Pay is in fact much more ambitious: "It's almost like you can envision the mobile phone becoming the concierge within the restaurant," he said. In fact, in addition to payments, NCR's app will also let users re-order drinks, mark a particularly good dish or share the experience through social media, and in the future, order food before getting to the restaurant.  The deal with Paypal, though, appears to be all about the payment part of the user experience. Paypal will be integrated into NCR's Mobile Pay app and give users the option to use their Paypal account to pay the check at the end of the meal.  The collaboration between NCR and Paypal seems to position the two companies in a good position to compete against Square in the mobile payments market.  SEE ALSO:  How Square's Transparent Office Culture Pays Dividends
 Both companies have a great reach. NCR, which used to be called National Cash Register, has a 128-year history and powers 38% of the top 100 restaurants in the U.S., while Paypal has 117 million accounts worldwide. Finley wasn't able to tell Mashable when the option to pay with Paypal will be integrated into Mobile Pay, but said they're working on it. UPDATE: An earlier version of this article implied that Mobile Pay allowed users to order food before getting to the restaurant, but that feature is still unavailable at the moment.  Screenshot courtesy of NCR Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, -hakusan-.Point-of-sale giant NCR and Paypal are teaming up to make life a little easier for restaurant-goers. The two companies announced an agreement on Tuesday that will bring the option to pay with Paypal on NCR's recently announced mobile payment app.  In early December, NCR announced the launch of Mobile Pay, a cloud-based system that enables restaurants to give customers a wide array of services, including mobile payments. The idea behind mobile pay is to allow customers to interact with the restaurant through an app on their phone.  "We can essentially eliminate all the waiting time and all the uncertainty and insecurity by simply letting you to use your phone to interact directly with your guest check," said Michael Finley, vice president and CTO of hosted solutions at NCR, in a phone interview with Mashable.  Finley also noted that "it's important to think of the payment as a small part of this." What NCR wants to achieve with Mobile Pay is in fact much more ambitious: "It's almost like you can envision the mobile phone becoming the concierge within the restaurant," he said. In fact, in addition to payments, NCR's app will also let users re-order drinks, mark a particularly good dish or share the experience through social media, and in the future, order food before getting to the restaurant.  The deal with Paypal, though, appears to be all about the payment part of the user experience. Paypal will be integrated into NCR's Mobile Pay app and give users the option to use their Paypal account to pay the check at the end of the meal.  The collaboration between NCR and Paypal seems to position the two companies in a good position to compete against Square in the mobile payments market.  SEE ALSO:  How Square's Transparent Office Culture Pays Dividends
 Both companies have a great reach. NCR, which used to be called National Cash Register, has a 128-year history and powers 38% of the top 100 restaurants in the U.S., while Paypal has 117 million accounts worldwide. Finley wasn't able to tell Mashable when the option to pay with Paypal will be integrated into Mobile Pay, but said they're working on it. UPDATE: An earlier version of this article implied that Mobile Pay allowed users to order food before getting to the restaurant, but that feature is still unavailable at the moment.  Screenshot courtesy of NCR Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, -hakusan-.