Arguably the biggest struggle RIM will have when it releases BlackBerry 10 at the end of this month: making sure there are enough apps on the platform.  So in preparation for the operating system's debut on January 30, the company held a Port-A-Thon this past weekend. The 36-hour event let developers port over their existing apps to the BlackBerry 10 platform, and earn cash -– and developer devices -– in the process.  Starting at 12 p.m. ET last Friday, RIM invited developers to a “porting party” to bring their apps to BlackBerry 10 before launch. Experts of the OS were on hand to help with porting questions. The event actually ran a little long –- 37.5 hours -– but in the end, RIM was able to reach its goal of approving an astounding 15,000 apps over the course of one weekend.  well there you have it.37.5 hours in, we hit 15,000 apps for this portathon.Feel like I've run a marathon.Thanks to all the devs! — Alec Saunders (@asaunders) January 13, 2013 RIM gave developers $100 for each app approved for BlackBerry App World. The first 200 developers to port between five and 10 apps scored a BlackBerry Dev Alpha device, while the first 10 developers to submit more than 10 approved apps received a paid trip to BlackBerry Jam Europe to celebrate the launch of BlackBerry 10. RIM's latest OS is set to debut on Jan. 30. [via The Verge] You unlock a BlackBerry 10 device by swiping up from the bottom of the screen. When you swipe up, the lock screen dissolves into the home screen on the device. Swiping to the side brings up additional pages of apps. You can also navigate through pages of apps by tapping on the scroll bar on the bottom of the screen. Taking a page from Windows Phone, RIM is adding “Active Frames” to BB10. Much like the "Live Tiles” found in Windows Phone, the frames update with information you can see at a glance. For instance, the weather app will show the current temperature as well as a 7-day forecast, the calendar app shows your next event for the day. BlackBerry Hub can be accessed by swiping across the screen. Contact cards include phone numbers, email addresses and social-networking details. RIM is taking the look and feel of its home screen and bringing it into groups. Active frames make an appearance in groups, allowing you to see chats pertaining to a particular group, people who are a part of the group, and photos that have been uploaded. Pictures change as they are uploaded to the group, so if someone uploads a new one then that image will change on the group's page. Tapping on a person in a group will bring up his or her contact card. Taking photos in BlackBerry 10 starts out much like taking photos with any other OS, with the ability to tap on any portion of the photo to focus on a specific portion of the frame. If a photo you take is blurry, or someone in the picture has his or her eyes closed, you can use the scroll bar on the bottom of the screen to move forward and backward in time to capture the perfect shot. Much like you can adjust a whole picture, you can also pic out individual faces in a photo to adjust. So, if one friend has her eyes closed in a picture, you can just adjust herface in the photo.Arguably the biggest struggle RIM will have when it releases BlackBerry 10 at the end of this month: making sure there are enough apps on the platform.  So in preparation for the operating system's debut on January 30, the company held a Port-A-Thon this past weekend. The 36-hour event let developers port over their existing apps to the BlackBerry 10 platform, and earn cash -– and developer devices -– in the process.  Starting at 12 p.m. ET last Friday, RIM invited developers to a “porting party” to bring their apps to BlackBerry 10 before launch. Experts of the OS were on hand to help with porting questions. The event actually ran a little long –- 37.5 hours -– but in the end, RIM was able to reach its goal of approving an astounding 15,000 apps over the course of one weekend.  well there you have it.37.5 hours in, we hit 15,000 apps for this portathon.Feel like I've run a marathon.Thanks to all the devs! — Alec Saunders (@asaunders) January 13, 2013 RIM gave developers $100 for each app approved for BlackBerry App World. The first 200 developers to port between five and 10 apps scored a BlackBerry Dev Alpha device, while the first 10 developers to submit more than 10 approved apps received a paid trip to BlackBerry Jam Europe to celebrate the launch of BlackBerry 10. RIM's latest OS is set to debut on Jan. 30. [via The Verge] You unlock a BlackBerry 10 device by swiping up from the bottom of the screen. When you swipe up, the lock screen dissolves into the home screen on the device. Swiping to the side brings up additional pages of apps. You can also navigate through pages of apps by tapping on the scroll bar on the bottom of the screen. Taking a page from Windows Phone, RIM is adding “Active Frames” to BB10. Much like the "Live Tiles” found in Windows Phone, the frames update with information you can see at a glance. For instance, the weather app will show the current temperature as well as a 7-day forecast, the calendar app shows your next event for the day. BlackBerry Hub can be accessed by swiping across the screen. Contact cards include phone numbers, email addresses and social-networking details. RIM is taking the look and feel of its home screen and bringing it into groups. Active frames make an appearance in groups, allowing you to see chats pertaining to a particular group, people who are a part of the group, and photos that have been uploaded. Pictures change as they are uploaded to the group, so if someone uploads a new one then that image will change on the group's page. Tapping on a person in a group will bring up his or her contact card. Taking photos in BlackBerry 10 starts out much like taking photos with any other OS, with the ability to tap on any portion of the photo to focus on a specific portion of the frame. If a photo you take is blurry, or someone in the picture has his or her eyes closed, you can use the scroll bar on the bottom of the screen to move forward and backward in time to capture the perfect shot. Much like you can adjust a whole picture, you can also pic out individual faces in a photo to adjust. So, if one friend has her eyes closed in a picture, you can just adjust herface in the photo.