One month after the horrific Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Connecticut, 21 students gathered this week to record the Academy Award-winning tune "Over the Rainbow."  The Newtown children got some celebrity help recording the benefit song. Singer-songwriter Ingrid Michaelson lent her voice, while Talking Heads and Tom Tom Club rockers Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth opened their studio to the project.  The song is available digitally on Amazon and iTunes. Proceeds will go to Newtown Youth Academy and United Way of Western Connecticut. Here are the kids recording the track:  "Music has the power to heal both the listener and the performers," Tim Hayes, CBGB owner and executive producer of the song, said in a statement. "The new arrangement of the song feels as if the young angelic adult voice, Ingrid's, is almost teaching the song to the children." "First she introduces it to them, then she is joined by an innocent, yet strong chorus of voices and by the end of the song it is only the children that we hear," he says. "In fact, the children were asked to sing the song as if it was a prayer. That emotion really comes though when the children sing their 'oooos,' which transforms the recording into something truly spiritual." SEE ALSO: Piers Morgan Dedicates a 'RIP' Tweet to Each Child Killed in Newtown
 Michaelson and the students performed the song Tuesday on Good Morning America. Although this is the first tribute song involving Newtown children, several other tributes have come from young voices. The New York City Children's Chorus sang "Silent Night" on Saturday Night Live. And the PS22 Chorus belted Sandy Hook Elementary's school song. BONUS: PS22 Kids' Choir Sings Tribute to Newtown Shooting Victims Image courtesy The Good Guild's YouTube videoOne month after the horrific Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Connecticut, 21 students gathered this week to record the Academy Award-winning tune "Over the Rainbow."  The Newtown children got some celebrity help recording the benefit song. Singer-songwriter Ingrid Michaelson lent her voice, while Talking Heads and Tom Tom Club rockers Chris Frantz and Tina Weymouth opened their studio to the project.  The song is available digitally on Amazon and iTunes. Proceeds will go to Newtown Youth Academy and United Way of Western Connecticut. Here are the kids recording the track:  "Music has the power to heal both the listener and the performers," Tim Hayes, CBGB owner and executive producer of the song, said in a statement. "The new arrangement of the song feels as if the young angelic adult voice, Ingrid's, is almost teaching the song to the children." "First she introduces it to them, then she is joined by an innocent, yet strong chorus of voices and by the end of the song it is only the children that we hear," he says. "In fact, the children were asked to sing the song as if it was a prayer. That emotion really comes though when the children sing their 'oooos,' which transforms the recording into something truly spiritual." SEE ALSO: Piers Morgan Dedicates a 'RIP' Tweet to Each Child Killed in Newtown
 Michaelson and the students performed the song Tuesday on Good Morning America. Although this is the first tribute song involving Newtown children, several other tributes have come from young voices. The New York City Children's Chorus sang "Silent Night" on Saturday Night Live. And the PS22 Chorus belted Sandy Hook Elementary's school song. BONUS: PS22 Kids' Choir Sings Tribute to Newtown Shooting Victims Image courtesy The Good Guild's YouTube video