 It's the David Blaine of cats.  Kido's first shell game is proof that animals are geniuses too. And he's even captured that cool swagger of magicians, not even impressed with his own brillance.  Feel free to move to Vegas and start counting cards next, kitty, you're too good for these small-town magic tricks now.  SEE ALSO: Cats Demonstrate the Top 10 New Year's Resolutions
 And kudos to Kido's owner who rescued the two-time abandoned cat and raised him into the Einstein of the feline world. Clearly love and nurturing does a cat good.   What's the smartest thing you've ever seen an animal do? Tell us in the comments below.  Video via YouTube, moonli927. Photo via iStockphoto, kvkirillov. BONUS: 10 Clever Cats That Learned to Open Doors [VIDEOS] Maine Coons ain't little, which explains how easily Gizmo gets through the door.  This cat is smarter than all the puppies.  So cunning for one so young. Who let the dogs out? There are ways and means to door opening, as this clip demonstrates. This house must operate a one-in, one-out policy.  Soxy finally opens the door after Lucky gives her a nudge. Mad doorknob turning skillz! This cat is persistent. Cairo is handicapable.  Finally, these cunning felines have mastered more than ordinary doors. Keep an eye on your frozen fish sticks! It's the David Blaine of cats.  Kido's first shell game is proof that animals are geniuses too. And he's even captured that cool swagger of magicians, not even impressed with his own brillance.  Feel free to move to Vegas and start counting cards next, kitty, you're too good for these small-town magic tricks now.  SEE ALSO: Cats Demonstrate the Top 10 New Year's Resolutions
 And kudos to Kido's owner who rescued the two-time abandoned cat and raised him into the Einstein of the feline world. Clearly love and nurturing does a cat good.   What's the smartest thing you've ever seen an animal do? Tell us in the comments below.  Video via YouTube, moonli927. Photo via iStockphoto, kvkirillov. BONUS: 10 Clever Cats That Learned to Open Doors [VIDEOS] Maine Coons ain't little, which explains how easily Gizmo gets through the door.  This cat is smarter than all the puppies.  So cunning for one so young. Who let the dogs out? There are ways and means to door opening, as this clip demonstrates. This house must operate a one-in, one-out policy.  Soxy finally opens the door after Lucky gives her a nudge. Mad doorknob turning skillz! This cat is persistent. Cairo is handicapable.  Finally, these cunning felines have mastered more than ordinary doors. Keep an eye on your frozen fish sticks!