Just to let you know, if you buy something featured here, Mashable might earn an affiliate commission. The Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Name: Snoox One-Liner Pitch: Snoox makes it easy to find and share product recommendations with the people whose opinions you value most. Why It's Taking Off: It's one of the more promising companies unlocking the power of social recommendations for shopping. There's no shortage of online reviews for shopping products; the tough part is narrowing down those recommendations to just the friends and tastemakers whose opinions you value most. That's where Snoox comes in.  Snoox, a website that launched in public beta last November, tries to make it as easy as possible for you to recommend products, and find recommendations from the people you actually care about. When you register on Snoox, the website pulls information from your Facebook account for all the items you've Liked, and then lets you decide which items you want to recommend to others.  After completing that step, Snoox prompts you to make additional recommendations using a tab at the top of the page that says, "I recommend..." All you have to do is type in the name of a product, write a few words that explain why you're recommending it and Snoox takes care of the back-end. The site organizes all the recommendations from your Facebook friends into a dozen categories, including books, food, music and travel; it then presents them in a very visual Pinterest-style layout.  "Snoox is governed by recommendations between friends," Guy Poreh, the company's founder, tells Mashable. "Every day, you get recommendations from friends; we are just putting that behavior on the web." Since the site launched two months ago, more than 10,000 people have registered, and shared nearly 30,000 recommendations. Now, Snoox is putting out its first big set of updates, including speeding up the recommendation process and redesigning the homepage with a real-time feed of recommendations.   Snoox isn't the first website to tap into the power of social recommendations. Others, such as The Find and Mouthee, have previously integrated with social networks to help determine what products users and their social connections like. This space may only get more competitive in the coming months. Facebook announced a new smarter search engine called Graph Search on Tuesday that lets users search through some of this same data to find recommendations for businesses and places they may be interested in. The search feature is not specifically product-oriented yet, but it's not hard to imagine Facebook taking it in that direction in the future.  For now, the greatest obstacle for Snoox is convincing users to continue sharing recommendations. In addition to streamlining the recommendation process, Snoox also plans to release apps for iPhone and Android in the near future, as well as get celebrities on board to share recommendations of their own — all of which should help boost engagement on the service.  Snoox raised a funding round of nearly $2 million from several angel investors last year, and generates revenue from affiliate links when users purchase products through the site. Images courtesy of SnooxJust to let you know, if you buy something featured here, Mashable might earn an affiliate commission. The Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Name: Snoox One-Liner Pitch: Snoox makes it easy to find and share product recommendations with the people whose opinions you value most. Why It's Taking Off: It's one of the more promising companies unlocking the power of social recommendations for shopping. There's no shortage of online reviews for shopping products; the tough part is narrowing down those recommendations to just the friends and tastemakers whose opinions you value most. That's where Snoox comes in.  Snoox, a website that launched in public beta last November, tries to make it as easy as possible for you to recommend products, and find recommendations from the people you actually care about. When you register on Snoox, the website pulls information from your Facebook account for all the items you've Liked, and then lets you decide which items you want to recommend to others.  After completing that step, Snoox prompts you to make additional recommendations using a tab at the top of the page that says, "I recommend..." All you have to do is type in the name of a product, write a few words that explain why you're recommending it and Snoox takes care of the back-end. The site organizes all the recommendations from your Facebook friends into a dozen categories, including books, food, music and travel; it then presents them in a very visual Pinterest-style layout.  "Snoox is governed by recommendations between friends," Guy Poreh, the company's founder, tells Mashable. "Every day, you get recommendations from friends; we are just putting that behavior on the web." Since the site launched two months ago, more than 10,000 people have registered, and shared nearly 30,000 recommendations. Now, Snoox is putting out its first big set of updates, including speeding up the recommendation process and redesigning the homepage with a real-time feed of recommendations.   Snoox isn't the first website to tap into the power of social recommendations. Others, such as The Find and Mouthee, have previously integrated with social networks to help determine what products users and their social connections like. This space may only get more competitive in the coming months. Facebook announced a new smarter search engine called Graph Search on Tuesday that lets users search through some of this same data to find recommendations for businesses and places they may be interested in. The search feature is not specifically product-oriented yet, but it's not hard to imagine Facebook taking it in that direction in the future.  For now, the greatest obstacle for Snoox is convincing users to continue sharing recommendations. In addition to streamlining the recommendation process, Snoox also plans to release apps for iPhone and Android in the near future, as well as get celebrities on board to share recommendations of their own — all of which should help boost engagement on the service.  Snoox raised a funding round of nearly $2 million from several angel investors last year, and generates revenue from affiliate links when users purchase products through the site. Images courtesy of Snoox