Wi-Fi and Cellular versions of the iPad mini and the fourth-generation iPad will debut in China this week, Apple announced Monday. Both devices will be available to Chinese consumers starting this Friday, the Cupertino, Calif. company said in a release. They are currently sold in more than 100 countries worldwide. SEE ALSO: 5 Chinese Tech Brands You'll Be Hearing From in 2013
 Interestingly, the iPad mini received a lukewarm reception when it first launched in China last month. Reports suggested that turnout for Apple's 7.9-inch tablet was minimal, and that lines were "nearly nonexistent" — even in high-traffic areas such as the company's Beijing-based flagship store.  Still, Apple products are wildly popular in China, with more than 2 million units of the iPhone 5 sold in the first weekend it launched there.  Company CEO Tim Cook has made it clear that Apple considers the Chinese market a priority.  "China is a very important market for us and customers there cannot wait to get their hands on Apple products," he said last month. The Wi-Fi and cellular-capable iPad mini and fourth-generation iPad start at $459 and $629, respectively (for the 16GB models).  To our China-based readers: Do you plan to buy these versions of the latest iPad and iPad mini? Tell us in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Flickr, LJR.MIKEWi-Fi and Cellular versions of the iPad mini and the fourth-generation iPad will debut in China this week, Apple announced Monday. Both devices will be available to Chinese consumers starting this Friday, the Cupertino, Calif. company said in a release. They are currently sold in more than 100 countries worldwide. SEE ALSO: 5 Chinese Tech Brands You'll Be Hearing From in 2013
 Interestingly, the iPad mini received a lukewarm reception when it first launched in China last month. Reports suggested that turnout for Apple's 7.9-inch tablet was minimal, and that lines were "nearly nonexistent" — even in high-traffic areas such as the company's Beijing-based flagship store.  Still, Apple products are wildly popular in China, with more than 2 million units of the iPhone 5 sold in the first weekend it launched there.  Company CEO Tim Cook has made it clear that Apple considers the Chinese market a priority.  "China is a very important market for us and customers there cannot wait to get their hands on Apple products," he said last month. The Wi-Fi and cellular-capable iPad mini and fourth-generation iPad start at $459 and $629, respectively (for the 16GB models).  To our China-based readers: Do you plan to buy these versions of the latest iPad and iPad mini? Tell us in the comments below.  Image courtesy of Flickr, LJR.MIKE