"Collaborative consumption is a business model in which goods or services are shared, swapped, or rented over networks.  Websites like Airbnb, a platform for short term home rentals, and OurGoods, a bartering network for the creative community, have changed the way that we look at the traditional e-commerce model.? "Pain points used to be identified in order to solve a problem so that a business could take a specific action. Now they are what makes a business take action – faster and faster." “'SoLoMo' refers to the growing prevalence of localized social interaction between commercial entities and consumers through mobile devices." "The age of the Internet of Things (IOT) is upon us. Soon your shoes will be permanently connected to the Internet, recording every move you make, taking precise measurement of your weight, your movement, and your position, and sending it into the cloud." Quick quiz: Are you familiar with the term "SoLoMo"? How about "the Internet of things"? Collaborative consumption? If at this point you're asking WTF, then check out Behind the Buzzwords, a Tumblr with illustrations of some of 2013's hottest terminology. In addition to the charming illos, there are some cogent explanations from people in these industries. CreativeFeed, the marketing firm behind Behind the Buzzwords launched the project "in order to explore the direction of enterprise, tech and marketing" says Sona Rai, a rep for the agency. For the full list of buzzwords, click here. What do you think? Do these images help you process what Big Data means? Let us know in the comments. Images courtesy of CreativeFeed"Collaborative consumption is a business model in which goods or services are shared, swapped, or rented over networks.  Websites like Airbnb, a platform for short term home rentals, and OurGoods, a bartering network for the creative community, have changed the way that we look at the traditional e-commerce model.? "Pain points used to be identified in order to solve a problem so that a business could take a specific action. Now they are what makes a business take action – faster and faster." “'SoLoMo' refers to the growing prevalence of localized social interaction between commercial entities and consumers through mobile devices." "The age of the Internet of Things (IOT) is upon us. Soon your shoes will be permanently connected to the Internet, recording every move you make, taking precise measurement of your weight, your movement, and your position, and sending it into the cloud." Quick quiz: Are you familiar with the term "SoLoMo"? How about "the Internet of things"? Collaborative consumption? If at this point you're asking WTF, then check out Behind the Buzzwords, a Tumblr with illustrations of some of 2013's hottest terminology. In addition to the charming illos, there are some cogent explanations from people in these industries. CreativeFeed, the marketing firm behind Behind the Buzzwords launched the project "in order to explore the direction of enterprise, tech and marketing" says Sona Rai, a rep for the agency. For the full list of buzzwords, click here. What do you think? Do these images help you process what Big Data means? Let us know in the comments. Images courtesy of CreativeFeed