 It's flu season and chances are you know someone who's coughing and sneezing their way through it right now. For many people, especially those who are away from their regular doctor for whatever reason, diagnosing symptoms can become a scary thing.  We know many people self diagnose using the Internet. A recent Pew research report found eight in 10 online health inquiries start at a search engine. But what if you need more info or want to have a medical consult?  GreatCall, makers of the Jitterbug phone, has introduced the Urgent Care  app.  It lets you search symptoms, peruse a medical dictionary and basically be your own doctor. Unless, of course, you feel you need one.  In that case you simply press a button and you'll be connected to a live registered nurse who, after asking a few questions, can help diagnose your issues. If more care is needed, the nurse can connect you to a  board-certified doctor in your area who will call you within 30 minutes.   This isn't for emergencies or for when you think you may need to go to the hospital. We don't recommend waiting 30 minutes to find out you should head to the emergency room. Instead Urgent Care is a useful resource in situations where you may have a question about medication or are unsure if something is serious and should be escalated. I can also see Urgent Care being particularly useful for seniors who live alone and want the reassurance of a registered nurse in the middle of the night. The staff is all US-based and available 24/7. Looking up information is free, but each call to a nurse costs $3.99. Urgent Care if a free app available for iOS, and will be available for Android later this month.  Would you be comfortable with a virtual or phone consult with a nurse or doctor as a way to get immediate medical attention? Let us know in the comments.  Image courtesy of lisa-blue It's flu season and chances are you know someone who's coughing and sneezing their way through it right now. For many people, especially those who are away from their regular doctor for whatever reason, diagnosing symptoms can become a scary thing.  We know many people self diagnose using the Internet. A recent Pew research report found eight in 10 online health inquiries start at a search engine. But what if you need more info or want to have a medical consult?  GreatCall, makers of the Jitterbug phone, has introduced the Urgent Care  app.  It lets you search symptoms, peruse a medical dictionary and basically be your own doctor. Unless, of course, you feel you need one.  In that case you simply press a button and you'll be connected to a live registered nurse who, after asking a few questions, can help diagnose your issues. If more care is needed, the nurse can connect you to a  board-certified doctor in your area who will call you within 30 minutes.   This isn't for emergencies or for when you think you may need to go to the hospital. We don't recommend waiting 30 minutes to find out you should head to the emergency room. Instead Urgent Care is a useful resource in situations where you may have a question about medication or are unsure if something is serious and should be escalated. I can also see Urgent Care being particularly useful for seniors who live alone and want the reassurance of a registered nurse in the middle of the night. The staff is all US-based and available 24/7. Looking up information is free, but each call to a nurse costs $3.99. Urgent Care if a free app available for iOS, and will be available for Android later this month.  Would you be comfortable with a virtual or phone consult with a nurse or doctor as a way to get immediate medical attention? Let us know in the comments.  Image courtesy of lisa-blue