As spring semester begins at colleges across the country, students are boarding planes for study abroad programs.  Spring is the most popular semester for study abroad, according to GoAbroad.com. And the number of students in study abroad programs has never been higher. And while having a few semesters of language classes under your belt is a great start, living in a new country can take some adjusting. From getting around to figuring out expenses in local currency to contacting family and friends at home, there are more than a few scenarios that'll be new to you and possibly require some assistance from your smartphone.  SEE ALSO: 5 College Classes You'll Wish You Could Take  AccuWeather and Weatherbug: If you're traveling in between cities and countries on the weekends, you'll want to dress for the weather. AccuWeather and Weatherbug are both free apps for iOS and Android. AccuWeather uses a map to let you know the weather when you're abroad. On the map within the app, an orange exclamation point will appear over a location that's expecting snow, ice, rain, wind, or the probability of thunderstorms. With Weatherbug, you can save locations in the app and quickly tap to get the weather.   Vonage Mobile and Viber: Since international fees can get super steep, you'll want to download one or both of these free apps. Make sure both people communicating have downloaded the apps, that way calls, texts and roaming charges won't apply. With the Vonage app, you can purchase calling minutes through iTunes, that way you can also call someone who doesn't have the app and roaming charges won't apply.  Convert Any Unit Free: This app converts tons of measurements, like centigrade to fahrenheit, plus a wide variety of currencies. There's also a lot of technical measurements you likely won't need, like frequencies and energies, but at least you'll know that, whatever you need to convert, this app has it. There's both a paid version of the app that costs $2.99, and contains bookmarks and a calculator, and a free version of the app. Both are available in the App Store.   Highlight: This is a great app no matter where in the world you are, but if you're a student traveling abroad it's especially convenient. Highlight is a great way to meet new people: The app will let you know if friends, or people it thinks you might be able to make friends with, are nearby. You sign into the app using your Facebook account and are able to message people privately through the app.  SEE ALSO: How Mobile Tech Is Changing Travel  Currency Banknotes: This app for iOS offers both a free and 99 cent version, but for just a buck the paid app is better. There are a lot of currency converting apps available, but this one stands out because you can actually see an image of what each bill in a selected currency should look like, in addition to being able to calculate the exchange rate. Tipping Tips is also handy in figuring out tipping protocol throughout 108 international regions. And while we're on the topic of money, BillPin is an app that makes splitting bills and storing payment information simple. The free app helps track expenses and the amounts you and your friends owe each other.  iTranslate: Need to converse with a waitress or hotel manager and forgot how to say a word or phrase? This free app can translate more than 60 languages and also includes a dictionary.    CouchSurfing Travel cheap on the weekends and during breaks with this app. CouchSurfing connects you with people who have at least a couch, but maybe even a bedroom, to let you sleep on for the night as you travel. Common courtesy suggests you buy them a beer. The app is available for free in the App Store and Google Play.  SupperKing: This app could potentially be great for travelers who want to meet new people and mingle with locals. With SupperKing, users basically crash private dinner parties. You can eat home cooked food and meet people in a comfortable setting: their homes.  The Pill: This is a great app for female travelers. The app reminds you to take your birth control pill at a time you set. It adjusts to local time and also works when the app isn't running and when it's in airplane mode. The free app is available for iOS. There is a similar app for Android called Contraceptive Pill that lets you set reminders for various cycles of pills (from 21 to 28 days) and won't remind you on your days off.  What apps do you use when you travel? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, skodonnellAs spring semester begins at colleges across the country, students are boarding planes for study abroad programs.  Spring is the most popular semester for study abroad, according to GoAbroad.com. And the number of students in study abroad programs has never been higher. And while having a few semesters of language classes under your belt is a great start, living in a new country can take some adjusting. From getting around to figuring out expenses in local currency to contacting family and friends at home, there are more than a few scenarios that'll be new to you and possibly require some assistance from your smartphone.  SEE ALSO: 5 College Classes You'll Wish You Could Take  AccuWeather and Weatherbug: If you're traveling in between cities and countries on the weekends, you'll want to dress for the weather. AccuWeather and Weatherbug are both free apps for iOS and Android. AccuWeather uses a map to let you know the weather when you're abroad. On the map within the app, an orange exclamation point will appear over a location that's expecting snow, ice, rain, wind, or the probability of thunderstorms. With Weatherbug, you can save locations in the app and quickly tap to get the weather.   Vonage Mobile and Viber: Since international fees can get super steep, you'll want to download one or both of these free apps. Make sure both people communicating have downloaded the apps, that way calls, texts and roaming charges won't apply. With the Vonage app, you can purchase calling minutes through iTunes, that way you can also call someone who doesn't have the app and roaming charges won't apply.  Convert Any Unit Free: This app converts tons of measurements, like centigrade to fahrenheit, plus a wide variety of currencies. There's also a lot of technical measurements you likely won't need, like frequencies and energies, but at least you'll know that, whatever you need to convert, this app has it. There's both a paid version of the app that costs $2.99, and contains bookmarks and a calculator, and a free version of the app. Both are available in the App Store.   Highlight: This is a great app no matter where in the world you are, but if you're a student traveling abroad it's especially convenient. Highlight is a great way to meet new people: The app will let you know if friends, or people it thinks you might be able to make friends with, are nearby. You sign into the app using your Facebook account and are able to message people privately through the app.  SEE ALSO: How Mobile Tech Is Changing Travel  Currency Banknotes: This app for iOS offers both a free and 99 cent version, but for just a buck the paid app is better. There are a lot of currency converting apps available, but this one stands out because you can actually see an image of what each bill in a selected currency should look like, in addition to being able to calculate the exchange rate. Tipping Tips is also handy in figuring out tipping protocol throughout 108 international regions. And while we're on the topic of money, BillPin is an app that makes splitting bills and storing payment information simple. The free app helps track expenses and the amounts you and your friends owe each other.  iTranslate: Need to converse with a waitress or hotel manager and forgot how to say a word or phrase? This free app can translate more than 60 languages and also includes a dictionary.    CouchSurfing Travel cheap on the weekends and during breaks with this app. CouchSurfing connects you with people who have at least a couch, but maybe even a bedroom, to let you sleep on for the night as you travel. Common courtesy suggests you buy them a beer. The app is available for free in the App Store and Google Play.  SupperKing: This app could potentially be great for travelers who want to meet new people and mingle with locals. With SupperKing, users basically crash private dinner parties. You can eat home cooked food and meet people in a comfortable setting: their homes.  The Pill: This is a great app for female travelers. The app reminds you to take your birth control pill at a time you set. It adjusts to local time and also works when the app isn't running and when it's in airplane mode. The free app is available for iOS. There is a similar app for Android called Contraceptive Pill that lets you set reminders for various cycles of pills (from 21 to 28 days) and won't remind you on your days off.  What apps do you use when you travel? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, skodonnell