AT&T is allowing more iOS users to place FaceTime calls over its network for no additional charge. Previously only available for customers with Mobile Share plans and those using an LTE device on a tiered plan, now AT&T customers with non-LTE tiered plans can also make FaceTime calls over AT&T’s network for no additional charge. AT&T customers on unlimited data plans are still unable to make FaceTime calls over the network.  FaceTime over cellular originally launched on AT&T in September 2012.  AT&T’s Mark Collins says that the company wanted to roll the service out gradually, in order to have “minimal impact on the mobile experience for all of our customers.” Last September several public interest groups, including Free Press, Public Knowledge and New America Foundation’s Open Technology Institute, placed a formal complaint against the carrier with the FCC over its decision to block the service on all but its most expensive data plans. Wednesday, Matt Wood, policy director at Free Press, issued a statement on the issue in light of AT&T's support for additional data plans.  "AT&T's announcement is another step in the right direction. It shows once again that the FCC's Open Internet rules can create more consumer certainty, as they work to give people more choices and freedom in use of their data. Yet as we've made clear all along, the company has no right to block the application in the first place. Until AT&T makes FaceTime available to all of its customers, it is still in violation of the law and the broader principles of Net Neutrality. We remain ready to bring our complaint unless AT&T finishes the job and stops blocking this application altogether." The carrier has started updating its systems and processes, and expects to start rolling the update out to customers gradually over the next few weeks. The update will arrive automatically for affected AT&T customers. Thumbnail image courtesy of AppleAT&T is allowing more iOS users to place FaceTime calls over its network for no additional charge. Previously only available for customers with Mobile Share plans and those using an LTE device on a tiered plan, now AT&T customers with non-LTE tiered plans can also make FaceTime calls over AT&T’s network for no additional charge. AT&T customers on unlimited data plans are still unable to make FaceTime calls over the network.  FaceTime over cellular originally launched on AT&T in September 2012.  AT&T’s Mark Collins says that the company wanted to roll the service out gradually, in order to have “minimal impact on the mobile experience for all of our customers.” Last September several public interest groups, including Free Press, Public Knowledge and New America Foundation’s Open Technology Institute, placed a formal complaint against the carrier with the FCC over its decision to block the service on all but its most expensive data plans. Wednesday, Matt Wood, policy director at Free Press, issued a statement on the issue in light of AT&T's support for additional data plans.  "AT&T's announcement is another step in the right direction. It shows once again that the FCC's Open Internet rules can create more consumer certainty, as they work to give people more choices and freedom in use of their data. Yet as we've made clear all along, the company has no right to block the application in the first place. Until AT&T makes FaceTime available to all of its customers, it is still in violation of the law and the broader principles of Net Neutrality. We remain ready to bring our complaint unless AT&T finishes the job and stops blocking this application altogether." The carrier has started updating its systems and processes, and expects to start rolling the update out to customers gradually over the next few weeks. The update will arrive automatically for affected AT&T customers. Thumbnail image courtesy of Apple