In the latest casualty of consumers' move towards online streaming video, Blockbuster UK has entered administration, the British equivalent of bankruptcy. The chain, which employs 4,350 people in 239 stores, has called in accounting firm Deloitte, which will handle the bankruptcy proceedings. Deloitte is also handling the administration proceedings for HMV, another entertainment retailer.  Lee Manning, a partner at Deloitte, told SkyNews that, "In recent years Blockbuster has faced increased competition from internet-based providers along with the shift to digital streaming of movies and games. We are working closely with suppliers and employees to ensure the business has the best possible platform to secure a sale, preserve jobs and generate as much value as possible for all creditors."   The move follows Blockbuster U.S.'s bankruptcy filing in 2010. Dish Network bought Blockbuster in 2011. Blockbuster UK launched in 1989 and is independent of the U.S. operation. Though the impetus for Blockbuster's downfall was competition from Netflix, Blockbuster proved itself too slow to effectively respond. The company launched its DVD-by-mail service in 2004, seven years after Netflix's launch. Blockbuster's Dish-based streaming video service, which was hyped to be a response to Netflix's streaming video service, was actually just a $10 a month add-on for existing Dish subscribers.  Because of the streaming revolution, DVD sales in the U.S. fell 120% in units in 2012, according to Digital Entertainment Group. Blu-ray sales, however, propped up revenues, which only fell 2%. Image courtesy of Flickr, Digitart2001In the latest casualty of consumers' move towards online streaming video, Blockbuster UK has entered administration, the British equivalent of bankruptcy. The chain, which employs 4,350 people in 239 stores, has called in accounting firm Deloitte, which will handle the bankruptcy proceedings. Deloitte is also handling the administration proceedings for HMV, another entertainment retailer.  Lee Manning, a partner at Deloitte, told SkyNews that, "In recent years Blockbuster has faced increased competition from internet-based providers along with the shift to digital streaming of movies and games. We are working closely with suppliers and employees to ensure the business has the best possible platform to secure a sale, preserve jobs and generate as much value as possible for all creditors."   The move follows Blockbuster U.S.'s bankruptcy filing in 2010. Dish Network bought Blockbuster in 2011. Blockbuster UK launched in 1989 and is independent of the U.S. operation. Though the impetus for Blockbuster's downfall was competition from Netflix, Blockbuster proved itself too slow to effectively respond. The company launched its DVD-by-mail service in 2004, seven years after Netflix's launch. Blockbuster's Dish-based streaming video service, which was hyped to be a response to Netflix's streaming video service, was actually just a $10 a month add-on for existing Dish subscribers.  Because of the streaming revolution, DVD sales in the U.S. fell 120% in units in 2012, according to Digital Entertainment Group. Blu-ray sales, however, propped up revenues, which only fell 2%. Image courtesy of Flickr, Digitart2001