Facebook launched on Wednesday a smarter way to search on the site, allowing you to make complex queries to filter through friend networks and public profiles on the site. Although it's a huge leap forward for the company, we aren't feeling the name of the internal search system: Facebook Graph Search. Snooze. It's also clunky and definitely not user friendly.  SEE ALSO: Hands On With Facebook's Graph Search
 The name refers to the commonly-used tech term "social graph," which includes each Facebook user's friends and followers network. But Facebook members are consumers more than they are tech experts, developers and marketers, so the name is way too technical for the typical user. It's been reported that the Facebook team has referred to it as "Browse" instead of Graph Search, but went with the latter in the days leading up to the launch. So we're asking you, dear readers: If you could rename Facebook Graph Search, which would you pick? Vote below or add your own suggestion in the comments.   Image via iStockphoto, LeicaFotoFacebook launched on Wednesday a smarter way to search on the site, allowing you to make complex queries to filter through friend networks and public profiles on the site. Although it's a huge leap forward for the company, we aren't feeling the name of the internal search system: Facebook Graph Search. Snooze. It's also clunky and definitely not user friendly.  SEE ALSO: Hands On With Facebook's Graph Search
 The name refers to the commonly-used tech term "social graph," which includes each Facebook user's friends and followers network. But Facebook members are consumers more than they are tech experts, developers and marketers, so the name is way too technical for the typical user. It's been reported that the Facebook team has referred to it as "Browse" instead of Graph Search, but went with the latter in the days leading up to the launch. So we're asking you, dear readers: If you could rename Facebook Graph Search, which would you pick? Vote below or add your own suggestion in the comments.   Image via iStockphoto, LeicaFoto