Hell hath no fury like an iPhone owner scorned, and one Las Vegas man is bearing the brunt of it.  Apple's Find My iPhone app has mistakenly sent dozens of users to Wayne Dobson's North Las Vegas home over the past two years. The problem became so bad, the poor guy posted a sign on his front door that reads, "No Lost Cell Phones!!"  According to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, angry people have appeared at all hours of the day, showing Dobson proof of their accusations.  The iPhone-tracking feature, also available for other Apple devices, locates your lost smartphone on a map. For many people, that pinpoint led them straight to Dobson's home in Clark County.  He found the problem affects only Sprint iPhones, and company officials told him GPS locators don't give an exact address, but a general location.  It turns out, Clark County zoning accidentally assigned Dobson's home address to a cellphone tower, a Las Vegas news station reports.  SEE ALSO: How Does GPS Know Where You Are?
 Not only does he get accused of being a thief, but police show up on his doorstep to answer 911 calls originating from his home. Local police use the same tracking system, so if a 911 caller doesn't know where they are, police are given Dobson's address.  County officials are working on changing the cell tower's address to restore some normalcy to Dobson's life.  Has GPS ever failed you?  Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Flickr, Robert S. DonovanHell hath no fury like an iPhone owner scorned, and one Las Vegas man is bearing the brunt of it.  Apple's Find My iPhone app has mistakenly sent dozens of users to Wayne Dobson's North Las Vegas home over the past two years. The problem became so bad, the poor guy posted a sign on his front door that reads, "No Lost Cell Phones!!"  According to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, angry people have appeared at all hours of the day, showing Dobson proof of their accusations.  The iPhone-tracking feature, also available for other Apple devices, locates your lost smartphone on a map. For many people, that pinpoint led them straight to Dobson's home in Clark County.  He found the problem affects only Sprint iPhones, and company officials told him GPS locators don't give an exact address, but a general location.  It turns out, Clark County zoning accidentally assigned Dobson's home address to a cellphone tower, a Las Vegas news station reports.  SEE ALSO: How Does GPS Know Where You Are?
 Not only does he get accused of being a thief, but police show up on his doorstep to answer 911 calls originating from his home. Local police use the same tracking system, so if a 911 caller doesn't know where they are, police are given Dobson's address.  County officials are working on changing the cell tower's address to restore some normalcy to Dobson's life.  Has GPS ever failed you?  Share your thoughts in the comments.  Photo courtesy of Flickr, Robert S. Donovan