 Telepresence allows people to connect and communicate with others around the world.  If you're using a tablet, you know the difficulties of maneuvering and angling to squeeze everyone in on the conference call or show off your new pup to Mom.  Revolve Robotics, a San Francisco-based start-up company, created a robot to take away all that awkwardness. KUBI is a motorized tablet stand designed to pivot and rotate for added hands-free convenience.  KUBI, which means "neck" in Japanese, has a 300 degree pan and 90 degree tilt to allow users to look around the room. Creators Marcus Rosenthal and Ilya Polyakov wanted to create a "natural experience that actually gets the KUBI out of the way and lets your loved ones enjoy the experience without knowing it's there," they say on their Indiegogo page. The remote user can change point of view with a secondary device. For example, if you were using your iPad to FaceTime, you could login to the KUBI Kontroller website on your smartphone and use a grid interface to control motion. Check out the video above for more information.  No cables are necessary, since it connects via Bluetooth. The KUBI fits tablets 7.9" to 10.6" screen size and works in both portrait and landscape mode. Though it doesn't have motion tracking on its own just yet, a "following" feature may be included if Revolve Robotics doubles its $100,000 fundraising goal.  The stand is available for pre-order on Indiegogo for $199.  Would you use a KUBI? Are there any devices you use to make video calling easier? Let us what you think in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Revolve Robotics Telepresence allows people to connect and communicate with others around the world.  If you're using a tablet, you know the difficulties of maneuvering and angling to squeeze everyone in on the conference call or show off your new pup to Mom.  Revolve Robotics, a San Francisco-based start-up company, created a robot to take away all that awkwardness. KUBI is a motorized tablet stand designed to pivot and rotate for added hands-free convenience.  KUBI, which means "neck" in Japanese, has a 300 degree pan and 90 degree tilt to allow users to look around the room. Creators Marcus Rosenthal and Ilya Polyakov wanted to create a "natural experience that actually gets the KUBI out of the way and lets your loved ones enjoy the experience without knowing it's there," they say on their Indiegogo page. The remote user can change point of view with a secondary device. For example, if you were using your iPad to FaceTime, you could login to the KUBI Kontroller website on your smartphone and use a grid interface to control motion. Check out the video above for more information.  No cables are necessary, since it connects via Bluetooth. The KUBI fits tablets 7.9" to 10.6" screen size and works in both portrait and landscape mode. Though it doesn't have motion tracking on its own just yet, a "following" feature may be included if Revolve Robotics doubles its $100,000 fundraising goal.  The stand is available for pre-order on Indiegogo for $199.  Would you use a KUBI? Are there any devices you use to make video calling easier? Let us what you think in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Revolve Robotics