 Parallel parking is no easy feat, let alone doing it in New York City. Anyone who's tried to park in Manhattan can attest to the impossibly narrow lanes and no-nonsense pedestrians.  Design firm Pentagram is trying to make the ordeal a little less stressful by creating clearer parking signs. Taking a cue from Twitter, the 6,300 new signs give drivers information in no more than 140 characters.  Since every second counts in a New York minute, the makeover is intended to clarify on-street parking regulations by making signs easier to understand. The change reduces information on the signs by nearly 50% with messages no longer than a tweet.  SEE ALSO: Listen to Coldplay if You Want to Stay Safe on the Road, Study Says
 "You shouldn't need a Ph.D. in parking signage to understand where you are allowed to leave your car in New York," said Council Member Garodnick in a statement from the city’s Department of Transportation.  What are your thoughts on the redesign? Do you think Twitter-sized parking signs can change driving habits? Let us know your thoughts in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Pentagram Parallel parking is no easy feat, let alone doing it in New York City. Anyone who's tried to park in Manhattan can attest to the impossibly narrow lanes and no-nonsense pedestrians.  Design firm Pentagram is trying to make the ordeal a little less stressful by creating clearer parking signs. Taking a cue from Twitter, the 6,300 new signs give drivers information in no more than 140 characters.  Since every second counts in a New York minute, the makeover is intended to clarify on-street parking regulations by making signs easier to understand. The change reduces information on the signs by nearly 50% with messages no longer than a tweet.  SEE ALSO: Listen to Coldplay if You Want to Stay Safe on the Road, Study Says
 "You shouldn't need a Ph.D. in parking signage to understand where you are allowed to leave your car in New York," said Council Member Garodnick in a statement from the city’s Department of Transportation.  What are your thoughts on the redesign? Do you think Twitter-sized parking signs can change driving habits? Let us know your thoughts in the comments.  Thumbnail photo courtesy of Pentagram