President Barack Obama suggested more research needed to be done on the affect of video games and other "violent media" on children during his Wednesday morning address detailing his plan for lowering gun violence in the United States. "Congress will fund research into the effects that violent video games have on young minds," he said. "We don’t benefit from ignorance. We don’t benefit from not knowing the science of this epidemic of violence." Obama's 23-part plan gave more details on how this research might be conducted: The Centers of Disease Control and other scientific organizations would receive funding to conduct investigations into "the causes of gun violence." Funding for these programs need to be approved by Congress, and Obama is asking for at least $10 million for that cause. The CDC has conducted research on gun ownership and gun violence in the past, but according to NBC News, a 1996 appropriations bill cut the organization's funding and prevented it from conducting any research that would "advocate or promote" gun control. The Entertainment Software Association, which represents America's video game makers, released a statement supporting further research. The ESA, along with several large game publishers, participated in a meeting last Friday with Vice President Joe Biden on the topic of violence in video games. "We concur with President Obama‟s call today for all Americans to do their part, and agree with the report's conclusion that the entertainment and video game industries have a responsibility to give parents tools and choices about the movies and programs their children watch and the games their children play," the statement said. "The same entertainment is enjoyed across all cultures and nations, but tragic levels of gun violence remain unique to our country. Scientific research and international and domestic crime data all point toward the same conclusion: entertainment does not cause violent behavior in the real world. “We will embrace a constructive role in the important national dialogue around gun violence in the United States, and continue to collaborate with the Administration and Congress as they examine the facts that inform meaningful solutions," the statement continued. The International Game Developer Association also weighed in with comments that echoed the open letter they had sent to Vice President Joe Biden last week. The organization's executive director Kate Edwards said she hopes the CDC confirms there is not a connection between games and violent actions: "In response to the President's executive order, the IGDA welcomes more evidence-based research into the effects of our work to add to the large body of existing scientific literature that clearly shows no causal link between video game violence and real violence. We support the President's call for new government research, with an emphasis on examining the totality of imaginary violence and not focused only on video games. We especially encourage the new research to explore all aspects of violence in media, including their potential benefits. For example, recent research shows a steam valve effect in which violent video gameplay helps release stress and aggression before it can lead to violence. Others studies have indicated that recent declines in real world violence can be attributed in part to potentially violent people spending more time looking for thrills in video games instead of on the streets." Consumer advocacy group Common Sense Media, which helps parents become more savvy consumers of media for their children, supported the president's plan for action. "Parents across this country have expressed their strong concern about the possible influence of media violence on their children, and about how hard it is to shield their kids from such gratuitous violence that is marketed to them from a very young age," said CSM CEO James Steyer. "By calling on Congress to direct $10 million to the Center for Disease Control for research on the possible linkage between violent video games and other media images and acts of violence, our country is taking an important first step towards protecting the most vulnerable among us." Do you support Obama's call for more research into video games' affect on children? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images News.President Barack Obama suggested more research needed to be done on the affect of video games and other "violent media" on children during his Wednesday morning address detailing his plan for lowering gun violence in the United States. "Congress will fund research into the effects that violent video games have on young minds," he said. "We don’t benefit from ignorance. We don’t benefit from not knowing the science of this epidemic of violence." Obama's 23-part plan gave more details on how this research might be conducted: The Centers of Disease Control and other scientific organizations would receive funding to conduct investigations into "the causes of gun violence." Funding for these programs need to be approved by Congress, and Obama is asking for at least $10 million for that cause. The CDC has conducted research on gun ownership and gun violence in the past, but according to NBC News, a 1996 appropriations bill cut the organization's funding and prevented it from conducting any research that would "advocate or promote" gun control. The Entertainment Software Association, which represents America's video game makers, released a statement supporting further research. The ESA, along with several large game publishers, participated in a meeting last Friday with Vice President Joe Biden on the topic of violence in video games. "We concur with President Obama‟s call today for all Americans to do their part, and agree with the report's conclusion that the entertainment and video game industries have a responsibility to give parents tools and choices about the movies and programs their children watch and the games their children play," the statement said. "The same entertainment is enjoyed across all cultures and nations, but tragic levels of gun violence remain unique to our country. Scientific research and international and domestic crime data all point toward the same conclusion: entertainment does not cause violent behavior in the real world. “We will embrace a constructive role in the important national dialogue around gun violence in the United States, and continue to collaborate with the Administration and Congress as they examine the facts that inform meaningful solutions," the statement continued. The International Game Developer Association also weighed in with comments that echoed the open letter they had sent to Vice President Joe Biden last week. The organization's executive director Kate Edwards said she hopes the CDC confirms there is not a connection between games and violent actions: "In response to the President's executive order, the IGDA welcomes more evidence-based research into the effects of our work to add to the large body of existing scientific literature that clearly shows no causal link between video game violence and real violence. We support the President's call for new government research, with an emphasis on examining the totality of imaginary violence and not focused only on video games. We especially encourage the new research to explore all aspects of violence in media, including their potential benefits. For example, recent research shows a steam valve effect in which violent video gameplay helps release stress and aggression before it can lead to violence. Others studies have indicated that recent declines in real world violence can be attributed in part to potentially violent people spending more time looking for thrills in video games instead of on the streets." Consumer advocacy group Common Sense Media, which helps parents become more savvy consumers of media for their children, supported the president's plan for action. "Parents across this country have expressed their strong concern about the possible influence of media violence on their children, and about how hard it is to shield their kids from such gratuitous violence that is marketed to them from a very young age," said CSM CEO James Steyer. "By calling on Congress to direct $10 million to the Center for Disease Control for research on the possible linkage between violent video games and other media images and acts of violence, our country is taking an important first step towards protecting the most vulnerable among us." Do you support Obama's call for more research into video games' affect on children? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images News.