Score another victory for social media.  Spurred on by a skeptical father, a pair of sisters posted the image, above, to Facebook on Tuesday. They asked other users to like the photo, and make their dad follow through on his promise of a new puppy if the shot received a million digital thumbs-up.  Less than seven hours later, the girls had their wish.  "Hi World," reads the message written in marker on a piece of butcher paper. "We want a puppy! Our dad said we could get one if we get 1 million likes! He doesn't think we can do it! So 'LIKE' this!" On the Facebook page, entitled Twogirlsandapuppy, the girls write that their previous dog died of cancer last year. Inspired by another pair of siblings who had tried a similar stunt, they asked their dad to agree to a bet of sorts.  Posts by different family members over the course of the day tell the story of a simple bet gone viral. In one, a family member says "the girls were giddy" as they watched the likes pile up, but didn't hint that the goal was within immediate reach. In another, the father promises that he'll be true to his word should the photo indeed reach 1 million likes.  Finally, the milestone was achieved in a post about six hours after the page was first set up: Everyone pointing out that the profile pic has 700,000+ likes and that that other pic has 300,000+, we've just realized that. So wow—they will wake up to find they've already reached their goal! Amazing. Dad has a long day of work tomorrow but it seems we'll be looking before the week's out. We will post a picture here in thanks! An hour later, the profile picture had 1.2 million likes, so it's likely that the family will soon be visiting shelters to look for a new addition. The sisters will gain a puppy, and parents everywhere will learn an important lesson: Never doubt the power of social media, a couple of adorable sisters and, of course, puppies.  Image courtesy TwogirlsandapuppyScore another victory for social media.  Spurred on by a skeptical father, a pair of sisters posted the image, above, to Facebook on Tuesday. They asked other users to like the photo, and make their dad follow through on his promise of a new puppy if the shot received a million digital thumbs-up.  Less than seven hours later, the girls had their wish.  "Hi World," reads the message written in marker on a piece of butcher paper. "We want a puppy! Our dad said we could get one if we get 1 million likes! He doesn't think we can do it! So 'LIKE' this!" On the Facebook page, entitled Twogirlsandapuppy, the girls write that their previous dog died of cancer last year. Inspired by another pair of siblings who had tried a similar stunt, they asked their dad to agree to a bet of sorts.  Posts by different family members over the course of the day tell the story of a simple bet gone viral. In one, a family member says "the girls were giddy" as they watched the likes pile up, but didn't hint that the goal was within immediate reach. In another, the father promises that he'll be true to his word should the photo indeed reach 1 million likes.  Finally, the milestone was achieved in a post about six hours after the page was first set up: Everyone pointing out that the profile pic has 700,000+ likes and that that other pic has 300,000+, we've just realized that. So wow—they will wake up to find they've already reached their goal! Amazing. Dad has a long day of work tomorrow but it seems we'll be looking before the week's out. We will post a picture here in thanks! An hour later, the profile picture had 1.2 million likes, so it's likely that the family will soon be visiting shelters to look for a new addition. The sisters will gain a puppy, and parents everywhere will learn an important lesson: Never doubt the power of social media, a couple of adorable sisters and, of course, puppies.  Image courtesy Twogirlsandapuppy