Want to get your kids to fall asleep faster at bedtime? Turn off the TV. For that matter, turn off the tablet and the laptop too. Researchers in New Zealand found kids who had difficulty falling asleep at night were exposed to more screen time within 90 minutes of bed than those with earlier sleep onset.  The study, published in the Journal Pediatrics, called "Presleep Activities and Time of Sleep Onset in Children" looked at the behavior of over 2,000 children. It examined the association between how much TV the kids watched and how long it took them to fall asleep.  Researchers concluded those "participants with a later sleep onset had significantly greater engagement in screen time than those with an earlier sleep onset." SEE ALSO: Screen Time Before Bed May Be Keeping You Awake This isn't the first time we've heard how screen time can keep you awake at night. A few months ago we reported on a study out of the Lighting Research Center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute which found two or more hours of exposure to backlit devices suppresses melatonin by as much as 22%. That suppression, especially in teenagers, can lead to problems getting to sleep at night. While the New Zealand study looked at younger children and adolescents, you can see the pattern here. Screen time of any kind, whether TV, smartphone or tablet can disrupt your ability to sleep, no matter your age.  So what can you do to settle your kids before bed? Try a warm bath and reading a good book.  Do you let your kids watch TV before bed or do you have other bedtime rituals? Tell us about them in the comments below.  Image courtesy of iStock, urbancowWant to get your kids to fall asleep faster at bedtime? Turn off the TV. For that matter, turn off the tablet and the laptop too. Researchers in New Zealand found kids who had difficulty falling asleep at night were exposed to more screen time within 90 minutes of bed than those with earlier sleep onset.  The study, published in the Journal Pediatrics, called "Presleep Activities and Time of Sleep Onset in Children" looked at the behavior of over 2,000 children. It examined the association between how much TV the kids watched and how long it took them to fall asleep.  Researchers concluded those "participants with a later sleep onset had significantly greater engagement in screen time than those with an earlier sleep onset." SEE ALSO: Screen Time Before Bed May Be Keeping You Awake This isn't the first time we've heard how screen time can keep you awake at night. A few months ago we reported on a study out of the Lighting Research Center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute which found two or more hours of exposure to backlit devices suppresses melatonin by as much as 22%. That suppression, especially in teenagers, can lead to problems getting to sleep at night. While the New Zealand study looked at younger children and adolescents, you can see the pattern here. Screen time of any kind, whether TV, smartphone or tablet can disrupt your ability to sleep, no matter your age.  So what can you do to settle your kids before bed? Try a warm bath and reading a good book.  Do you let your kids watch TV before bed or do you have other bedtime rituals? Tell us about them in the comments below.  Image courtesy of iStock, urbancow