You can't eat social media, but you sure can get your creative juices flowing using such sites and apps as Pinterest and Instagram. "It's made cooking a lot more accessible to everyone, and it's made everyone a lot more creative at home," celebrity chef Bobby Flay tells Mashable. "When you click on Instagram people are posting what they're cooking, eating, ingredients in markets and complaints." Flay is among the famous faces of the cooking world who are taking the healthy-living mantras they popularized on TV and transforming them in digestible — and sharable — nuggets online. This week, for example, Flay launched Bobby Flay Fit. It's a seven-episode series in which he serves up recipes, workouts, tips and guests to help you nix unhealthy behaviors.  Each short episode has a theme: Moderation, Motivation, Mix-It-Up, Expect More, Discipline, Support and Wrap-Up.  "You can watch the whole series in 21 minutes, and it's entertaining at the same time." "The subject matter is hard to talk about for a long period of time," Flay admits.  The series' website, housed on Food Network's online hub, also features small portions of non-video content that all follow Flay's philosophy that it only takes one week to create healthier habits with moderation and exercise. Flay, whose two TV shows (Brunch @ Bobby's on the Cooking Channel and Bobby's Dinner Battle) premiered this month, lives by the advice he offers in the Fit series.  "When I go to a restaurant, I used to clean my plate, but now I eat only three-fourths of my plate if I'm full," Flay says. "If I don't like it, I don't eat it. Sometimes people just eat to eat."  Episode one, for example, highlights his moderation tips — the ones he follows daily. Food Network describes each themed episode as such:  Moderation: "Learn the secrets to staying fit and healthy every day with chef and restaurateur Bobby Flay. Bobby talks simple tips to keeping active within a busy work day as he walks to work in New York, and explains his key to being able to enjoy all his favorite foods.  He and his assistant chef treat his staff to a healthful lunch of chickpea salad and crab pasta with parsley, mint and dill at the Bobby Flay offices." Motivation: "Get inspired to keep up that workout routine and stay energized throughout the day.  Join Bobby on his morning workout routine as he shares what inspired him to lose weight and keep it off. He divulges his secret ingredient to fitness and leading a healthy lifestyle all year long.  Bobby gets a little extra motivation from his trainer who reveals his own secret to fitness success — stretching. Bobby creates a recipe for a tasty and filling tea smoothie with Greek yogurt and berries to keep energy levels high after a great workout." Mix-It-Up: "Get more out of your workouts. Bobby ditches his old routine and joins his good friend and avid weight-lifter, Iron Chef Michael Symon for a new, challenging workout. Bobby shows how to keep energy up and hunger away with a yummy nutritious snack of coconut chocolate granola.  Bobby shares his tips to keeping energy and motivation up both during and after a workout." Expect More: "Variety is the spice of life when it comes to workout routines.  Bobby tries a brand new way to stay fit: spinning. Bobby's wife Stephanie March introduces him to SoulCycle and they push each other to the limit at this challenging full-body low-impact workout. Bobby and his friends share how they stay motivated to keep fit year round.  Bobby and his friend Katie Lee reward themselves by cooking a delicious brunch after class of oatmeal pancakes and open-faced eggs Florentine sandwiches, including a well-deserved sangria with Pisco and hibiscus tea." Discipline: "Bobby talks all about discipline and how he makes time to eat right and exercise, even with his hectic schedule. He visits one of his restaurants, Bar Americain, and discusses the challenges of staying focused on making healthy choices when there are temptations all around. Bobby reveals his tips on keeping meals healthy and delicious every day at home and in his restaurants while still being conscious of how tasting food in all of his restaurants can add up for him. He shares his secrets on how to make food vibrantly flavorful without adding calories by whipping up a light fish dish with a citrus relish packed with flavor, but not fat." Support: "Bobby emphasizes the importance of having a workout buddy and keeping fitness fun. One of Bobby's good friends, Michael Symon, joins him in the gym for a kettle bell workout and some friendly racing competition. Not only do they get the work done in the gym, but they do it with a smile. After their workout, the two chefs refuel with a protein-packed, Greek-inspired meal including lamb and quinoa." Wrap-Up: "Bobby recaps all of the great tips he has learned to staying fit including how to get motivated, eat healthy, make conscious choices while still having fun and mixing it up. Emphasizing the importance of balance and dedication, Bobby shares his tricks and techniques to leading a healthy lifestyle and hopes he can use his experiences to inspire others to have success in eating right and exercising year-round." Photo via Larry Busacca/Getty Images for Hellman'sYou can't eat social media, but you sure can get your creative juices flowing using such sites and apps as Pinterest and Instagram. "It's made cooking a lot more accessible to everyone, and it's made everyone a lot more creative at home," celebrity chef Bobby Flay tells Mashable. "When you click on Instagram people are posting what they're cooking, eating, ingredients in markets and complaints." Flay is among the famous faces of the cooking world who are taking the healthy-living mantras they popularized on TV and transforming them in digestible — and sharable — nuggets online. This week, for example, Flay launched Bobby Flay Fit. It's a seven-episode series in which he serves up recipes, workouts, tips and guests to help you nix unhealthy behaviors.  Each short episode has a theme: Moderation, Motivation, Mix-It-Up, Expect More, Discipline, Support and Wrap-Up.  "You can watch the whole series in 21 minutes, and it's entertaining at the same time." "The subject matter is hard to talk about for a long period of time," Flay admits.  The series' website, housed on Food Network's online hub, also features small portions of non-video content that all follow Flay's philosophy that it only takes one week to create healthier habits with moderation and exercise. Flay, whose two TV shows (Brunch @ Bobby's on the Cooking Channel and Bobby's Dinner Battle) premiered this month, lives by the advice he offers in the Fit series.  "When I go to a restaurant, I used to clean my plate, but now I eat only three-fourths of my plate if I'm full," Flay says. "If I don't like it, I don't eat it. Sometimes people just eat to eat."  Episode one, for example, highlights his moderation tips — the ones he follows daily. Food Network describes each themed episode as such:  Moderation: "Learn the secrets to staying fit and healthy every day with chef and restaurateur Bobby Flay. Bobby talks simple tips to keeping active within a busy work day as he walks to work in New York, and explains his key to being able to enjoy all his favorite foods.  He and his assistant chef treat his staff to a healthful lunch of chickpea salad and crab pasta with parsley, mint and dill at the Bobby Flay offices." Motivation: "Get inspired to keep up that workout routine and stay energized throughout the day.  Join Bobby on his morning workout routine as he shares what inspired him to lose weight and keep it off. He divulges his secret ingredient to fitness and leading a healthy lifestyle all year long.  Bobby gets a little extra motivation from his trainer who reveals his own secret to fitness success — stretching. Bobby creates a recipe for a tasty and filling tea smoothie with Greek yogurt and berries to keep energy levels high after a great workout." Mix-It-Up: "Get more out of your workouts. Bobby ditches his old routine and joins his good friend and avid weight-lifter, Iron Chef Michael Symon for a new, challenging workout. Bobby shows how to keep energy up and hunger away with a yummy nutritious snack of coconut chocolate granola.  Bobby shares his tips to keeping energy and motivation up both during and after a workout." Expect More: "Variety is the spice of life when it comes to workout routines.  Bobby tries a brand new way to stay fit: spinning. Bobby's wife Stephanie March introduces him to SoulCycle and they push each other to the limit at this challenging full-body low-impact workout. Bobby and his friends share how they stay motivated to keep fit year round.  Bobby and his friend Katie Lee reward themselves by cooking a delicious brunch after class of oatmeal pancakes and open-faced eggs Florentine sandwiches, including a well-deserved sangria with Pisco and hibiscus tea." Discipline: "Bobby talks all about discipline and how he makes time to eat right and exercise, even with his hectic schedule. He visits one of his restaurants, Bar Americain, and discusses the challenges of staying focused on making healthy choices when there are temptations all around. Bobby reveals his tips on keeping meals healthy and delicious every day at home and in his restaurants while still being conscious of how tasting food in all of his restaurants can add up for him. He shares his secrets on how to make food vibrantly flavorful without adding calories by whipping up a light fish dish with a citrus relish packed with flavor, but not fat." Support: "Bobby emphasizes the importance of having a workout buddy and keeping fitness fun. One of Bobby's good friends, Michael Symon, joins him in the gym for a kettle bell workout and some friendly racing competition. Not only do they get the work done in the gym, but they do it with a smile. After their workout, the two chefs refuel with a protein-packed, Greek-inspired meal including lamb and quinoa." Wrap-Up: "Bobby recaps all of the great tips he has learned to staying fit including how to get motivated, eat healthy, make conscious choices while still having fun and mixing it up. Emphasizing the importance of balance and dedication, Bobby shares his tricks and techniques to leading a healthy lifestyle and hopes he can use his experiences to inspire others to have success in eating right and exercising year-round." Photo via Larry Busacca/Getty Images for Hellman's