Being a new parent is challenging enough with the lack of sleep and caring for a little one around the clock. And for many mothers, breastfeeding doesn't always come easily. A new app aims to make that a bit easier by helping tired new moms track and record when they've breastfeed their baby.  SmallNest is an iOS app that lets moms record how long their babies nurse and how often. This is important because for a baby to get enough calories and for a mom to establish her milk supply, it's typically recommended that she breastfeed at least eight to 12 times in a 24-hour period. With the app, moms can track this information — convenient when days and nights blur together for new parents. And for non-breastfeeding parents, they see when mom last breastfed, get to know the baby's pattern, know when it's time for another feeding.   With SmallNest parents can also track diaper changes and baby's sleep patterns.  The app requires to you login through Facebook but says it won't post to Facebook on your behalf. The company however did send Mashable stats on how many mothers breastfeed and how often, according to information gleaned from the app.  SmallNest says the app has tracked 2,000 babies, primarily in the U.S. and Canada, to gather data about feedings. The average number of feedings for a newborn is 16-18 times per day. However, some moms are breastfeeding 30 or 40 times each day — for up to a year and in some cases beyond. From data from 180,000 feedings entered into the app, SmallNest was able to see moms use the right breast most often.  Alex Shartsis, founder of SmallNest, tells Mashable "Like most apps and websites, moms using SmallNest agree to our privacy policy, which allows use of anonymous aggregated data. As the volume of data grows, SmallNest's aim is to give insights back to the community so moms can learn and achieve better breastfeeding outcomes: even just knowing you're within a normal range can be really helpful in relieving anxiety and worry," he says. "Of course, knowing things aren't normal is even more useful, as you can seek professional help. America has a long way to go before it's back to a healthy level of breastfeeding. Hopefully information like this can help get us there." Shartsis says with regard to the right breast/left breast data they only looked at "feeding occurrences across the entire population as a giant sum and average, so there wasn't even really anything to anonymize." Would you use SmallNest to track breastfeeding and/or diaper changes? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, molka Being a new parent is challenging enough with the lack of sleep and caring for a little one around the clock. And for many mothers, breastfeeding doesn't always come easily. A new app aims to make that a bit easier by helping tired new moms track and record when they've breastfeed their baby.  SmallNest is an iOS app that lets moms record how long their babies nurse and how often. This is important because for a baby to get enough calories and for a mom to establish her milk supply, it's typically recommended that she breastfeed at least eight to 12 times in a 24-hour period. With the app, moms can track this information — convenient when days and nights blur together for new parents. And for non-breastfeeding parents, they see when mom last breastfed, get to know the baby's pattern, know when it's time for another feeding.   With SmallNest parents can also track diaper changes and baby's sleep patterns.  The app requires to you login through Facebook but says it won't post to Facebook on your behalf. The company however did send Mashable stats on how many mothers breastfeed and how often, according to information gleaned from the app.  SmallNest says the app has tracked 2,000 babies, primarily in the U.S. and Canada, to gather data about feedings. The average number of feedings for a newborn is 16-18 times per day. However, some moms are breastfeeding 30 or 40 times each day — for up to a year and in some cases beyond. From data from 180,000 feedings entered into the app, SmallNest was able to see moms use the right breast most often.  Alex Shartsis, founder of SmallNest, tells Mashable "Like most apps and websites, moms using SmallNest agree to our privacy policy, which allows use of anonymous aggregated data. As the volume of data grows, SmallNest's aim is to give insights back to the community so moms can learn and achieve better breastfeeding outcomes: even just knowing you're within a normal range can be really helpful in relieving anxiety and worry," he says. "Of course, knowing things aren't normal is even more useful, as you can seek professional help. America has a long way to go before it's back to a healthy level of breastfeeding. Hopefully information like this can help get us there." Shartsis says with regard to the right breast/left breast data they only looked at "feeding occurrences across the entire population as a giant sum and average, so there wasn't even really anything to anonymize." Would you use SmallNest to track breastfeeding and/or diaper changes? Tell us in the comments.  Photo courtesy of iStockphoto, molka 